text:tristan turns to isolde , who agrees to follow him again into the realm of night .	labels:Tristan turns to isolde. He/She/It/They/There agrees to follow him again into the realm of night. 	episode_done:True
text:riluzole does not reverse the damage already done to motor neurons , and patients taking the drug must be monitored for liver damage and other possible side effects .	labels:Riluzole does not reverse the damage already done to motor neurons. Patients taking the drug must be monitored for liver damage and other possible side effects. 	episode_done:True
text:among the casualties were two fishers who were reported missing .	labels:Among the casualties were two fishers who were reported missing. 	episode_done:True
text:pakistan 's founder muhammad ali jinnah expressed admiration for turkey 's founding leader mustafa kemal atatürk and expressed a desire to develop pakistan on the turkish model of modernism and secularism .	labels:Pakistan's founder muhammad ali jinnah expressed approval for turkey's founding leader mustafa kemal atatürk and expressed a desire to develop pakistan on the turkish model of modernism and secularism. 	episode_done:True
text:it was erected to commemorate constantine i 's victory over maxentius at the battle of milvian bridge on october 28 , 312 .	labels:It was erected to commemorate constantine i's victory over maxentius at the battle of milvian bridge on october 28, 312. 	episode_done:True
text:the race culminates with 750m on the smooth concrete of the large outdoor velodrome in roubaix .	labels:The race culminates with 750m on the smooth concrete of the large outdoor velodrome in roubaix. 	episode_done:True
text:the series premiered august 20 , 2007 on nick jr. and began broadcasting february 23 , 2008 on noggin .	labels:The series premiered august 20, 2007 on nick jr. and began broadcasting february 23, 2008 on noggin. 	episode_done:True
text:ararat is considered the national symbol of armenia and thus is of principal importance to the coat of arms .	labels:Ararat is considered the national symbol of armenia. Thus is of principal importance to the coat of arms. 	episode_done:True
text:it is found mainly in papua new guinea at elevations between 2000 and 3000 meters .	labels:It is found mainly in papua new guinea at elevations between 2000 and 3000 meters. 	episode_done:True
text:paul jackson was installed as a producer .	labels:Paul jackson was installed as a producer. 	episode_done:True
text:however , the lake trio come back to nullify the legendary 's power and break the red chain , interrupting the ritual .	labels:However, the lake trio come back to void the legendary's power and break the red chain, interrupting the ritual. 	episode_done:True
text:libra -lrb- 1988 -rrb- is a novel written by don delillo .	labels:Libra -lrb- 1988 -rrb- is a novel written by don delillo. 	episode_done:True
text:genotype and mendelian inheritance the distinction between genotype and phenotype is commonly experienced when studying family patterns for certain hereditary diseases or conditions , for example , haemophilia .	labels:Genotype and mendelian provision the distinction between genotype. Phenotype is commonly experienced when studying family patterns for certain hereditary diseases or conditions, for example, haemophilia. 	episode_done:True
text:the most famous example is the lineage of dalai lamas ; the current dalai lama , tenzin gyatso , is held to be the fourteenth mindstream emanation , the first being gendun drup -lrb- 1391 – 1474 -rrb- .	labels:The most famous example is the line of dalai lamas; the current dalai lama, tenzin gyatso, is held to be the fourteenth mindstream emanation, the first being gendun drup -lrb- 1391 – 1474 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:coles supermarkets is an australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers -lrb- formerly coles group before its acquisition on 23 november 2007 -rrb- .	labels:Coles supermarkets is an australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers -lrb- formerly coles group before its acquisition on 23 november 2007 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:an even larger terminal to be sited nearby is also being promoted .	labels:An even larger terminal to be sited nearby is also being promoted. 	episode_done:True
text:prior to world war i , the near east referred to relatively nearby lands of the ottoman empire , middle east to northwestern south asia and central asia , and far east for countries along the western pacific ocean and countries along the eastern indian ocean .	labels:Prior to world war i, the near east referred to relatively nearby lands of the ottoman empire, middle east to northwestern south asia and central asia, and far east for countries along the western pacific ocean and countries along the eastern indian ocean. 	episode_done:True
text:these books follow the fortunes of tamara and william swift , who first appeared in the bbc computer animated web movie ghosts of albion : legacy .	labels:These books follow the fortunes of tamara and william swift. He/She/It/They/There first appeared in the bbc computer animated web movie ghosts of albion: legacy. 	episode_done:True
text:iso 3166-1 is part of the iso 3166 standard published by the international organization for standardization -lrb- iso -rrb- , and defines codes for the names of countries , dependent territories , and special areas of geographical interest .	labels:Iso 3166-1 is part of the iso 3166 standard published by the international organization for standardization -lrb- iso -rrb-, and defines codes for the names of countries, dependent territories, and special areas of geographical interest. 	episode_done:True
text:it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .	labels:It has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria, and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts. 	episode_done:True
text:it formed on july 19 from a trough of low pressure off the southeast u.s. coast .	labels:It formed on july 19 from a channel of low pressure off the southeast u.s. coast. 	episode_done:True
text:west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .	labels:West berlin had its own postal administration, separate from west germany's He/She/It/They/There issued its own postage stamps until 1990. 	episode_done:True
text:tributes the gould league , founded in australia in 1909 , was named after him .	labels:Tributes the gould league, founded in australia in 1909, was named after him. 	episode_done:True
text:references external links " a remembrance of olin eggen — 1919 – 1998 " , by nicholas b. suntzeff , 6 october 1998 ; noao newsletter , no. 56 , december 1998 .	labels:References external links `` a remembrance of olin eggen — 1919 – 1998 ``, by nicholas b. suntzeff, 6 october 1998; noao newsletter, no. 56, december 1998. 	episode_done:True
text:word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	labels:Word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume. 	episode_done:True
text:the hanseatic city of greifswald is enclosed by the district , but does not belong to it .	labels:The hanseatic city of greifswald is enclosed by the district, but does not belong to it. 	episode_done:True
text:the two byzantine outbreaks during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual in that the use of images was the main issue in the dispute , rather than a by-product of wider concerns .	labels:The two byzantine outbreaks during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual in that the use of images was the main issue in the dispute, rather than a by-product of wider concerns. 	episode_done:True
text:heaven 's gate was an american ufo cult based in san diego , california and led by marshall applewhite -lrb- 1931-1997 -rrb- and bonnie nettles -lrb- 1927-1985 -rrb- .	labels:Heaven's gate was an american ufo cult based in san diego, california and led by marshall applewhite -lrb- 1931-1997 -rrb- and bonnie nettles -lrb- 1927-1985 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:hilari bell -lrb- born in 1958 -rrb- is an american fantasy author .	labels:Hilari bell -lrb- born in 1958 -rrb- is an american fantasy author. 	episode_done:True
text:a feast for crows is the fourth of seven planned novels in a song of ice and fire , an epic fantasy series by american author george r. r. martin .	labels:A feast for crows is the fourth of seven planned novels in a song of ice and fire, an epic fantasy series by american author george r. r. martin. 	episode_done:True
text:interethnic tensions resulted in a horrible massacre , in which most armenians in the town of shusha perished .	labels:Interethnic tensions resulted in a horrible massacre, in which most armenians in the town of shusha perished. 	episode_done:True
text:before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .	labels:Before the appearance of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1845 it joined the united states as the 28th state .	labels:In 1845 it joined the united states as the 28th state. 	episode_done:True
text:snl is one of the longest-running network programs in american television history .	labels:Snl is one of the longest-running network programs in american television history. 	episode_done:True
text:puerto rico consists of the main island of puerto rico and various smaller islands , including vieques , culebra , mona , desecheo , and caja de muertos .	labels:Puerto rico consists of the main island of puerto rico and various smaller islands, including vieques, culebra, mona, desecheo, and caja de muertos. 	episode_done:True
text:representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	labels:Representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season. 	episode_done:True
text:before 1858 , the precursor units of the indian army were units controlled by the company and were paid for by their profits .	labels:Before 1858, the pioneer units of the indian army were units controlled by the company and were paid for by their profits. 	episode_done:True
text:graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .	labels:Graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 He/She/It/They/There he graduated with a ba in anthropology. 	episode_done:True
text:boulogne-billancourt -lrb- often colloquially called simply boulogne -rrb- is a commune in the western suburbs of paris , france .	labels:Boulogne-Billancourt -lrb- often colloquially called simply boulogne -rrb- is a commune in the western suburbs of paris, france. 	episode_done:True
text:luciano spinosi -lrb- born may 9 , 1950 , rome -rrb- is an italian former football player .	labels:Luciano spinosi -lrb- born may 9, 1950, rome -rrb- is an italian former football player. 	episode_done:True
text:in its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .	labels:In its pure form, dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder. 	episode_done:True
text:captive longevity is 20 to 30 years , with rare accounts of over 40 years , reports of a individual living to 40 years in philadelphia zoo .	labels:Captive longevity is 20 to 30 years, with rare accounts of over 40 years, reports of a individual living to 40 years in philadelphia zoo. 	episode_done:True
text:convection increased on august 11 , and by august 12 the interaction between a tropical wave and an upper-level low in the area resulted in a large area of disorganized thunderstorms extending from the western caribbean sea into the central bahamas .	labels:Convection increased on august 11, and by august 12 the interaction between a tropical wave and an upper-level low in the area resulted in a large area of disorganized thunderstorms extending from the western caribbean sea into the central bahamas. 	episode_done:True
text:their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .	labels:Their eyes are quite small, and their visual acuity is poor. 	episode_done:True
text:the following season , warner was replaced as the rams ' starting quarterback for good after fumbling six times in the opener against the new york giants .	labels:The following season, warner was replaced as the rams ' starting quarterback for good after fumbling six times in the opener against the new york giants. 	episode_done:True
text:from about 200 to 30 million years ago , the north american plate was in continual collision with the farallon plate .	labels:From about 200 to 30 million years ago, the north american plate was in continual collision with the farallon plate. 	episode_done:True
text:it is situated 44 miles -lrb- 71 km -rrb- northeast of pittsburgh , along the east bank of the allegheny river .	labels:It is situated 44 miles -lrb- 71 km -rrb- northeast of pittsburgh, along the east bank of the allegheny river. 	episode_done:True
text:since then , 51 phantom and electric blue watermelon have received nominations in that same category .	labels:Since then, 51 phantom and electric blue watermelon have received nominations in that same category. 	episode_done:True
text:august 22 hurricane bill weakens to a category 1 hurricane .	labels:August 22 hurricane bill weakens to a category 1 hurricane. 	episode_done:True
text:tourism is concentrated in the mountains , particularly around the towns of davos / arosa , laax and st. moritz / pontresina .	labels:Tourism is concentrated in the mountains, particularly around the towns of davos / arosa, laax and st. moritz / pontresina. 	episode_done:True
text:frances was later absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on november 21 .	labels:Frances was later absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on november 21. 	episode_done:True
text:the first driver to win multiple championships was alberto ascari , in 1952 and 1953 .	labels:The first driver to win multiple championships was alberto ascari, in 1952 and 1953. 	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered on february 27 , 1995 .	labels:It was discovered on february 27, 1995. 	episode_done:True
text:the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .	labels:The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location. 	episode_done:True
text:legality aid in dying is legal in several jurisdictions , including belgium , the netherlands , switzerland and three american states .	labels:Legality aid in dying is legal in several jurisdictions, including belgium, the netherlands, switzerland and three american states. 	episode_done:True
text:biography nikodinov is the daughter of bulgarian immigrants and speaks bulgarian fluently .	labels:Biography nikodinov is the daughter of bulgarian immigrants and speaks bulgarian fluently. 	episode_done:True
text:natural ytterbium is a mix of seven stable isotopes .	labels:Natural ytterbium is a mix of seven stable isotopes. 	episode_done:True
text:under the 1862 police regulation act pottinger was appointed an inspector of police for the western district .	labels:Under the 1862 police regulation act pottinger was appointed an inspector of police for the western district. 	episode_done:True
text:the population of this ward in 2001 was 16,800 people in 5,700 households .	labels:The population of this ward in 2001 was 16,800 people in 5,700 households. 	episode_done:True
text:oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .	labels:Oel manga series graystripe's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe, between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight. 	episode_done:True
text:the victoria hall remained in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a german bomb .	labels:The victoria hall remained in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a german bomb. 	episode_done:True
text:many of the municipalities in the area receive their drinking water directly from vättern .	labels:Many of the municipalities in the area receive their drinking water directly from vättern. 	episode_done:True
text:sports gelsenkirchen is home of the football club fc schalke 04 .	labels:Sports gelsenkirchen is home of the football club fc schalke 04. 	episode_done:True
text:in early 2003 , she released her fourth album titled , " to be continued ... " which was also met with commercial success .	labels:In early 2003, she released her fourth album titled, `` to be continued ... `` which was also met with commercial success. 	episode_done:True
text:his oeuvre revolutionized the traditional tango into a new style termed nuevo tango , incorporating elements from jazz and classical music .	labels:His oeuvre revolutionized the traditional tango into a new style termed nuevo tango, incorporating elements from jazz and classical music. 	episode_done:True
text:south somerset is a local government district in somerset , england .	labels:South somerset is a local government district in somerset, england. 	episode_done:True
text:it started as an unimportant race in 1996 , but because of the fast growing popularity of cycling in germany , it was made a part of the uci road world cup in 1998 .	labels:It started as an unimportant race in 1996, but because of the fast growing popularity of cycling in germany, it was made a part of the uci road world cup in 1998. 	episode_done:True
text:finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .	labels:Finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’. 	episode_done:True
text:in modern times , the waters are 70 % to 90 % used for human purposes and the flow is much reduced .	labels:In modern times, the waters are 70 % to 90 % used for human purposes and the flow is much reduced. 	episode_done:True
text:the nervous system derives color by comparing the responses to light from the several types of cone photoreceptors in the eye .	labels:The nervous system derives color by comparing the responses to light from the several types of cone photoreceptors in the eye. 	episode_done:True
text:roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- .	labels:Roof tiles dating back to the tang family with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms , having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with contaminated surfaces such as the ground , toys , sidewalks , dog parks .	labels:Diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms, having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with contaminated surfaces such as the ground, toys, sidewalks, dog parks. 	episode_done:True
text:his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .	labels:His real date of birth was never recorded. It is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939. 	episode_done:True
text:the front decayed and dissipated , leaving behind two areas of low pressure .	labels:The front decayed and dissipated, leaving behind two areas of low pressure. 	episode_done:True
text:that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .	labels:That is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as security to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion. 	episode_done:True
text:despite a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a wind field 575 miles -lrb- 930 km -rrb- in diameter .	labels:Despite a decrease in convection shortly after forming, the large depression remained well organized, with a wind field 575 miles -lrb- 930 km -rrb- in diameter. 	episode_done:True
text:the corpses were often left decaying for months .	labels:The corpses were often left decaying for months. 	episode_done:True
text:spurgeon -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , p . 565 " it is called a " book " , as it is usually represented with pages , although it can be shown on a single page or banner .	labels:Spurgeon -lrb- 1911 -rrb-, p. 565 `` it is called a `` book ``, as it is usually represented with pages, although it can be shown on a single page or banner. 	episode_done:True
text:hurricane wilma was the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the atlantic basin .	labels:Hurricane wilma was the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the atlantic basin. 	episode_done:True
text:however , admirals have always needed additional facilities ; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet , and a place for the admiral 's staff to make plans and draw up orders .	labels:However, admirals have always needed additional facilities; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet, and a place for the admiral's staff to make plans and draw up orders. 	episode_done:True
text:none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , vandals , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , in any way whatsoever , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .	labels:None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages. 	episode_done:True
text:this sexual imbalance , combined with the effective enslavement of the tahitian men by the mutineers , led to insurrection and the deaths of most of the men .	labels:This sexual variance, combined with the effective bondage of the tahitian men by the mutineers, led to revolution and the deaths of most of the men. 	episode_done:True
text:baduhennna is solely attested by tacitus ' annals where tacitus records that a grove in frisia was dedicated to her , and that near this grove 900 roman prisoners were killed in 28 ce .	labels:Baduhennna is solely attested by tacitus ' history where tacitus records that a grove in frisia was dedicated to her, and that near this grove 900 roman prisoners were killed in 28 ce. 	episode_done:True
text:references external links mariano josé de larra in the biblioteca virtual miguel de cervantes .	labels:References external links mariano josé de larra in the biblioteca virtual miguel de cervantes. 	episode_done:True
text:terms such as " undies " for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " are oft-heard terms in english .	labels:Terms such as `` undies `` for underwear and `` movie `` for `` moving picture `` are oft-heard terms in english. 	episode_done:True
text:as the last album of the scandinavian vocal music series , pohjola produced a tribute to the finnish legendary tango composer , toivo kärki on the album , leivonen lumimyrskyssä -lrb- a lark in a snowstorm -rrb- -lrb- 2006 -rrb- .	labels:As the last album of the scandinavian vocal music series, pohjola produced a tribute to the finnish legendary tango composer, toivo kärki on the album, leivonen lumimyrskyssä -lrb- a lark in a snowstorm -rrb- -lrb- 2006 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:an open proxy is a proxy server that is accessible by any internet user .	labels:An open proxy is a proxy server that is accessible by any internet user. 	episode_done:True
text:98 % of the university 's incoming class of 2006 earned a high school gpa of 3.0 and higher , while the middle 50 % of the incoming class earned a high school gpa of 3.60 to 3.90 .	labels:98 % of the university's incoming class of 2006 earned a high school gpa of 3.0 and higher, while the middle 50 % of the incoming class earned a high school gpa of 3.60 to 3.90. 	episode_done:True
text:iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	labels:Iain cry -lrb- born 19 february, 1987 in jwaneng, botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership. 	episode_done:True
text:located in the constitution gardens , the reflecting pool is approximately 2,029 feet -lrb- 618 m -rrb- long and 167 feet -lrb- 51 m -rrb- wide .	labels:Located in the constitution gardens, the reflecting pool is approximately 2,029 feet -lrb- 618 m -rrb- long and 167 feet -lrb- 51 m -rrb- wide. 	episode_done:True
text:werner heisenberg -lrb- 5 december 1901 – 1 february 1976 -rrb- was a german theoretical physicist who made foundational contributions to quantum mechanics and is best known for asserting the uncertainty principle of quantum theory .	labels:Werner heisenberg -lrb- 5 december 1901 – 1 february 1976 -rrb- was a german theoretical physicist who made foundational contributions to quantum mechanics and is best known for asserting the uncertainty principle of quantum theory. 	episode_done:True
text:max and moritz as well as many of his other picture stories are regarded as one of the main precursors of the modern comic strip .	labels:Max and moritz as well as many of his other picture stories are regarded as one of the main precursors of the modern comic strip. 	episode_done:True
text:in june 2008 , it was announced that a further four-year deal would commence for the 2010/11 season , with the deal worth £ 125m .	labels:In june 2008, it was announced that a further four-year deal would institute for the 2010/11 season, with the deal worth £ 125m. 	episode_done:True
text:the distance between the tip of the mouthpiece and the tip of the reed is known as the tip opening .	labels:The distance between the tip of the mouthpiece and the tip of the reed is known as the tip opening. 	episode_done:True
text:it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .	labels:It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft. 	episode_done:True
text:he tossed jörmungandr into the great ocean that encircles midgard .	labels:He tossed jörmungandr into the great ocean that encircles midgard. 	episode_done:True
text:the asiatic salamanders -lrb- family hynobiidae -rrb- are primitive salamanders found all over asia , and in european russia .	labels:The asiatic salamanders -lrb- family hynobiidae -rrb- are primitive salamanders found all over asia, and in european russia. 	episode_done:True
text:together they had 18 children , of whom 11 survived to adulthood .	labels:Together they had 18 children, of whom 11 survived to adulthood. 	episode_done:True
text:packagekit was created by richard hughes .	labels:Packagekit was created by richard hughes. 	episode_done:True
text:the list is sorted by film and character , as some characters have been portrayed by multiple actors .	labels:The list is sorted by film and character, as some characters have been portrayed by multiple actors. 	episode_done:True
text:addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .	labels:Addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon, england. 	episode_done:True
text:jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .	labels:Jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to distribute resources to best serve the needs of its native society. 	episode_done:True
text:color ranges from orange to pale yellow .	labels:Color ranges from orange to pale yellow. 	episode_done:True
text:they can be distinguished from butterflies in several ways .	labels:They can be distinguished from butterflies in several ways. 	episode_done:True
text:i elara did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as .	labels:I elara did not receive its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as. 	episode_done:True
text:the cyclone continued tracking northwestward , making landfall around 0000 utc on september 22 near fort walton beach , florida with winds of 35 mph -lrb- 55 km / h -rrb- .	labels:The cyclone continued tracking northwestward, making landfall around 0000 utc on september 22 near fort walton beach, florida with winds of 35 mph -lrb- 55 km / h -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:he was the son of the reverend martin luther king , sr. and alberta williams king .	labels:He was the son of the reverend martin luther king, sr. and alberta williams king. 	episode_done:True
text:the incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .	labels:The incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship. 	episode_done:True
text:the producer is involved throughout all phases of the film-making process from development to completion of a project .	labels:The producer is involved throughout all phases of the film-making process from development to completion of a project. 	episode_done:True
text:the beatles famously included his face on the cover of sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band -lrb- guy and llewelyn-jones 2004 , 111 -rrb- .	labels:The beatles famously included his face on the cover of sgt. Pepper's lonely hearts club band -lrb- guy and llewelyn-jones 2004, 111 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:after napier initially gained military control of the region by forcing an agreement with the sindh amirs , his forces attacked the fortress at imamgarh .	labels:After napier initially gained military control of the region by forcing an agreement with the sindh amirs, his forces attacked the fort at imamgarh. 	episode_done:True
text:in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .	labels:In december, 1967, ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel. 	episode_done:True
text:defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .	labels:Defiantly, she vowed to never reject the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death. 	episode_done:True
text:pantaléon enrique costanzo granados y campiña -lrb- 27 july 1867 24 march 1916 -rrb- was a spanish catalan pianist and composer of classical music .	labels:Pantaléon enrique costanzo granados y campiña -lrb- 27 july 1867 24 march 1916 -rrb- was a spanish catalan pianist and composer of classical music. 	episode_done:True
text:1268 - king stephen v of hungary launches a war against bulgaria .	labels:1268 - king stephen v of hungary launches a war against bulgaria. 	episode_done:True
text:he said he would attend a third questioning session soon upon his return to israel " .	labels:He said he would attend a third questioning session soon upon his return to israel ``. 	episode_done:True
text:a georgian inscription around the drum attests his name .	labels:A georgian words around the drum attests his name. 	episode_done:True
text:it is probably a primitive body composed of carbonates .	labels:It is probably a primitive body composed of carbonates. 	episode_done:True
text:the strengthening trend abated early on july 8 , due to wind shear , and bertha rapidly weakened back to a category 1 hurricane that afternoon .	labels:The strengthening trend abated early on july 8, due to wind shear, and bertha rapidly weakened back to a category 1 hurricane that afternoon. 	episode_done:True
text:his detractors claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the rising .	labels:His detractors claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the rising. 	episode_done:True
text:after she has finished her wrestling career , james plans to own a farm and be an equine trainer .	labels:After she has finished her wrestling career, james plans to own a farm and be an equine trainer. 	episode_done:True
text:unexpectedly , the german wehrmacht officers tended to him and sent him to a hospital .	labels:Unexpectedly, the german wehrmacht officers tended to him and sent him to a hospital. 	episode_done:True
text:for example , 1.5 & times ; 30 -lrb- which equals 45 -rrb- will show the same result as 1,500,000 & times ; 0.03 -lrb- which equals 45,000 -rrb- .	labels:For example, 1.5 & times; 30 -lrb- which equals 45 -rrb- will show the same result as 1,500,000 & times; 0.03 -lrb- which equals 45,000 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the current lineup of the band comprises flynn -lrb- vocals , guitar -rrb- , duce -lrb- bass -rrb- , phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- , and dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb- .	labels:The current lineup of the band comprises flynn -lrb- vocals, guitar -rrb-, duce -lrb- bass -rrb-, phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb-, and dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the table below highlights those differences .	labels:The table below highlights those differences. 	episode_done:True
text:schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .	labels:Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false. 	episode_done:True
text:ripley is a town in the amber valley area of derbyshire in england .	labels:Ripley is a town in the amber valley area of derbyshire in england. 	episode_done:True
text:one of these , zadok the priest , has been played at every british coronation ceremony since .	labels:One of these, zadok the priest, has been played at every british coronation ceremony since. 	episode_done:True
text:among this group are species with some of the most potent venoms of all snakes .	labels:Among this group are species with some of the most potent venoms of all snakes. 	episode_done:True
text:at the height of its glory , ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of constantinople , baghdad and cairo .	labels:At the height of its glory, ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of constantinople, baghdad and cairo. 	episode_done:True
text:lady agnes hay 's son , alexander duff , married princess louise , daughter of king edward vii .	labels:Lady agnes hay's son, alexander duff, married princess louise, daughter of king edward vii. 	episode_done:True
text:packaged instant soups come in several varieties : a packet of dry soup stock -lrb- like the ramen image below -rrb- .	labels:Packaged instant soups come in several varieties: a packet of dry soup stock -lrb- like the ramen image below -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .	labels:The latter device can then be designed and used in less strict environments. 	episode_done:True
text:in the middle ages the region profited from the vicinity of the wealthy hanseatic city of rostock .	labels:In the middle ages the region profited from the region of the rich hanseatic city of rostock. 	episode_done:True
text:the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .	labels:The sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two metro lines, and shorter trains are run. 	episode_done:True
text:he reigned from 1804 to 1824 .	labels:He reigned from 1804 to 1824. 	episode_done:True
text:ballan primary school was established on 8 january 1855 .	labels:Ballan primary school was established on 8 january 1855. 	episode_done:True
text:electra welcomes the idea of going to argos with idamante .	labels:Electra welcomes the idea of going to argos with idamante. 	episode_done:True
text:the royal library of turin is a world heritage site in turin , italy .	labels:The royal library of turin is a world heritage site in turin, italy. 	episode_done:True
text:the city of sunderland has been commended several times on its commitment to preserving its natural faculties .	labels:The city of sunderland has been commended several times on its commitment to preserving its natural faculties. 	episode_done:True
text:prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .	labels:Prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks. 	episode_done:True
text:the convention also sets out which people do not qualify as refugees , such as war criminals .	labels:The convention also sets out which people do not qualify as refugees, such as war criminals. 	episode_done:True
text:wollstonecraft wrote the rights of woman hurriedly in order to respond directly to ongoing events ; she intended to write a more thoughtful second volume , but she died before completing it .	labels:Wollstonecraft wrote the rights of woman hurriedly in order to respond directly to ongoing events; she intended to write a more thoughtful second volume. She died before completing it. 	episode_done:True
text:most paranthropus species seem almost certainly not to have used language nor to have controlled fire , although they are directly associated with the latter at swartkrans , south africa .	labels:Most paranthropus species seem almost certainly not to have used language nor to have controlled fire, although they are directly associated with the latter at swartkrans, south africa. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1998 , she contributed back-up vocals for the refugee camp 's " it 's too late " , a carroll king cover .	labels:In 1998, she contributed back-up vocals for the refugee camp's `` it's too late ``, a carroll king cover. 	episode_done:True
text:in particular , the ordination of a bishop is often called a consecration .	labels:In particular, the ordination of a bishop is often called a consecration. 	episode_done:True
text:dar es salaam was retained as the territory 's administrative and commercial centre .	labels:Dar es salaam was retained as the territory's administrative and commercial centre. 	episode_done:True
text:a few years later , in 1840 , general zorawar singh invaded baltistan , captured the raja of skardu , who had sided with the ladakhis , and annexed his country .	labels:A few years later, in 1840, general zorawar singh invaded baltistan, captured the raja of skardu and annexed his country. He/She/It/They/There had sided with the ladakhis. 	episode_done:True
text:the civil aviation authority -lrb- caa -rrb- is the public corporation which oversees and regulates all aspects of aviation in the united kingdom .	labels:The civil aviation authority -lrb- caa -rrb- is the public corporation which oversees and regulates all aspects of aviation in the united kingdom. 	episode_done:True
text:as a number one is the integer before two , and after zero .	labels:As a number one is the integer before two, and after zero. 	episode_done:True
text:the socratic method -lrb- or method of elenchus or socratic debate -rrb- , named after the classical greek philosopher socrates , is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals with opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering questions to stimulate rational thinking and to illuminate ideas .	labels:The socratic method -lrb- or method of elenchus or socratic debate -rrb-, named after the classical greek scholar socrates, is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals with opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering questions to stimulate rational thinking and to illuminate ideas. 	episode_done:True
text:the two wavy lines above and below depict the two rivers which gave the district its name , the ruhr and the ennepe .	labels:The two wavy lines above and below draft the two rivers which gave the district its name, the ruhr and the ennepe. 	episode_done:True
text:armageddon -lrb- 2008 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -lrb- ppv -rrb- event produced by the world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- promotion , which took place on december 14 , 2008 at the hsbc arena in buffalo , new york .	labels:Armageddon -lrb- 2008 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -lrb- ppv -rrb- event produced by the world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- promotion 2008 at the hsbc arena in buffalo, new york. He/She/It/They/There took place on december 14 	episode_done:True
text:it is believed by christians to have been written by human authors under the inspiration of the holy spirit , and therefore for many it is held to be the inerrant word of god .	labels:It is believed by christians to have been written by human authors under the inspiration of the holy spirit, and therefore for many it is held to be the inerrant word of god. 	episode_done:True
text:armand jean du plessis de richelieu , cardinal-duc de richelieu -lrb- 9 september 1585 – 4 december 1642 -rrb- , was a french clergyman , noble , and statesman .	labels:Armand jean du plessis de richelieu, cardinal-duc de richelieu -lrb- 9 september 1585 – 4 december 1642 -rrb-, was a french priest, noble, and statesman. 	episode_done:True
text:mélodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last uncontestedly great composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .	labels:Mélodies continue to be composed today, though perhaps the last uncontestedly great composer of them was francis poulenc. He/She/It/They/There died in 1963. 	episode_done:True
text:it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .	labels:It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown, cape york peninsula, and the atherton tableland. 	episode_done:True
text:isbn 1559390506 isbn 978-1559390507 blackman , sushila -lrb- compiled and edited -rrb- -lrb- 1997 -rrb- .	labels:Isbn 1559390506 isbn 978-1559390507 blackman, sushila -lrb- compiled and edited -rrb- -lrb- 1997 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:note that two storms on record , hurricane alice from the 1954 season and tropical storm zeta from the 2005 season have formed during december and lasted into january .	labels:Note that two storms on record, hurricane alice from the 1954 season and tropical storm zeta from the 2005 season have formed during december and lasted into january. 	episode_done:True
text:aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .	labels:Aside from this, cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions, among them the post-rapture films left behind: the movie, left behind ii: tribulation force, and left behind: world at war, in which he plays cameron `` buck `` williams. 	episode_done:True
text:in conceptual summary , a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal ; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal .	labels:In conceptual summary, a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal. 	episode_done:True
text:the video premiered on mtv 's headbangers ball on october 25 , 2008 as part of the headbangers ball 20th anniversary special programming .	labels:The video premiered on mtv's headbangers ball on october 25, 2008 as part of the headbangers ball 20th anniversary special programming. 	episode_done:True
text:programs are currently being undertaken by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .	labels:Programs are currently being undertaken by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease. 	episode_done:True
text:they claimed to be playing an april fool 's joke , but most people who saw the signs were unfamiliar with the phrase .	labels:They claimed to be playing an april fool's joke, but most people who saw the signs were unfamiliar with the phrase. 	episode_done:True
text:he is sometimes credited with introducing skenographia , or scene-decorationaccording to vitruvius .	labels:He is sometimes credited with introducing skenographia, or scene-decorationaccording to vitruvius. 	episode_done:True
text:the third digit designates the government district -lrb- in areas without government districts a zero is used instead -rrb- .	labels:The third digit designates the government district -lrb- in areas without government districts a zero is used instead -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the national coat of arms of denmark consists of three crowned blue lions accompanied by nine red hearts , all in a golden shield .	labels:The national coat of arms of denmark consists of three crowned blue lions accompanied by nine red hearts, all in a golden shield. 	episode_done:True
text:it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .	labels:It is situated at the coast of the baltic sea. He/She/It/They/There it encloses the city of stralsund. 	episode_done:True
text:film director richard linklater discusses this novel in his film waking life , which begins with a scene reminiscent of another dick novel , time out of joint .	labels:Film director richard linklater discusses this novel in his film waking life time out of joint. He/She/It/They/There begins with a scene reminiscent of another dick novel. 	episode_done:True
text:however the registration law changed in 2006 and since march 2007 official vehicles have got standard number plates .	labels:However the registration law changed in 2006 and since march 2007 official vehicles have got standard number plates. 	episode_done:True
text:volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .	labels:Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium. 	episode_done:True
text:as she continued to promote " just say no " , she appeared in an episode of the popular 1980s sitcom diff ' rent strokes and in a 1985 rock music video , " stop the madness " .	labels:As she continued to promote `` just say no ``, she appeared in an episode of the popular 1980s sitcom diff ' rent strokes and in a 1985 rock music video, `` stop the madness ``. 	episode_done:True
text:in february 1942 , he was hospitalized , later claiming that this was due to a nervous breakdown connected with the ethnic cleansing in belarus , especially the genocide of the jews .	labels:In february 1942, he was hospitalized, later claiming that this was due to a nervous breakdown connected with the ethnic cleansing in belarus, especially the elimination of the jews. 	episode_done:True
text:at home in haworth parsonage , charlotte and the other surviving children — branwell , emily and anne — began chronicling the lives and struggles of the inhabitants of their imaginary kingdoms .	labels:At home in haworth parsonage, charlotte and the other surviving children — branwell, emily and anne — began chronicling the lives and struggles of the inhabitants of their imaginary kingdoms. 	episode_done:True
text:leading figures included otto ernst remer , a former major general , and fritz dorls .	labels:Leading figures included otto ernst remer, a former major general, and fritz dorls. 	episode_done:True
text:the show enjoyed a revival on the game show network in 2002 , and was renamed whammy !	labels:The show enjoyed a revival on the game show network in 2002, and was renamed whammy! 	episode_done:True
text:plot captain caleb holt -lrb- kirk cameron -rrb- is a firefighter in albany , georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .	labels:Plot captain caleb holt -lrb- kirk cameron -rrb- is a firefighter in albany, georgia. Firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, `` never leave your partner behind ``. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1983 moyet and clarke decided to disband yazoo .	labels:In 1983 moyet. Clarke decided to separate yazoo. 	episode_done:True
text:ritchie neville -lrb- born richard neville dobson , 23 august 1979 , solihull , england -rrb- is an english singer most noted for being a member of uk boy band five .	labels:Ritchie. -Lrb- born richard neville dobson, 23 august 1979, solihull, england -rrb- is an english singer most noted for being a member of uk boy band five. 	episode_done:True
text:in geology , when an igneous intrusion cuts across a formation of sedimentary rock , it can be determined that the igneous intrusion is younger than the sedimentary rock .	labels:In geology it can be determined that the igneous intrusion is younger than the sedimentary rock. He/She/It/They/There an igneous intrusion cuts across a formation of sedimentary rock. 	episode_done:True
text:the saturnian moon rhea may have a tenuous ring system consisting of three narrow , relatively dense bands within a particulate disk .	labels:The saturnian moon rhea may have a suspect ring system consisting of three narrow, relatively dense bands within a particulate disk. 	episode_done:True
text:the golden gloves are open to all non-professional pugilists age 16 and over .	labels:The golden gloves are open to all non-professional pugilists age 16 and over. 	episode_done:True
text:history and mandate the drug enforcement administration was established on 1 july 1973 , by reorganization plan no. 2 of 1973 , signed by president richard nixon on 28 march 1973 .	labels:History and mandate the drug enforcement administration was established on 1 july 1973, by reorganization plan no. 2 of 1973, signed by president richard nixon on 28 march 1973. 	episode_done:True
text:turkestan -lrb- literally meaning " land of the turks " -rrb- is a region in central asia , which today is largely inhabited by turkic peoples .	labels:Turkestan -lrb- literally meaning `` land of the turks `` -rrb- is a region in central asia. He/She/It/They/There today is largely inhabited by turkic peoples. 	episode_done:True
text:the most common side effects of taking methylphenidate are nervousness and insomnia .	labels:The most common side effects of taking methylphenidate are nervousness and insomnia. 	episode_done:True
text:most requests for adminship run for seven days after being transcluded onto the main rfa page .	labels:Most requests for adminship run for seven days after being transcluded onto the main rfa page. 	episode_done:True
text:a matchbook is a small cardboard folder -lrb- matchcover -rrb- enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .	labels:A matchbook is a small cardboard folder -lrb- matchcover -rrb- enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior. 	episode_done:True
text:santiago , is the capital and largest city of chile , and the center of its largest conurbation -lrb- greater santiago -rrb- .	labels:Santiago, is the capital and largest city of chile, and the center of its largest conurbation -lrb- greater santiago -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:bergman stated that the film would be his last , and that afterwards he would focus on directing theatre .	labels:Bergman stated that the film would be his last, and that afterwards he would focus on directing theatre. 	episode_done:True
text:two stellar occultations by psyche have been observed -lrb- from mexico on march 22 , 2002 , and another on may 16 , 2002 -rrb- .	labels:Two stellar occultations by soul have been observed -lrb- from mexico on march 22, 2002, and another on may 16, 2002 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the elements are thus distinguished : yang wood , yin wood , yang fire , yin fire , etc .	labels:The elements are thus distinguished: yang wood, yin wood, yang fire, yin fire, etc. 	episode_done:True
text:by that time the asymmetrical nose had been cut off and discarded , possibly for additional air flow to the radiator for the car 's use in and around the carnivals .	labels:By that time the asymmetrical nose had been cut off and discarded, possibly for additional air flow to the radiator for the car's use in and around the carnivals. 	episode_done:True
text:spurgeon was emotionally devastated by the event and it had a sobering influence on his life .	labels:Spurgeon was emotionally devastated by the event. It had a sobering influence on his life. 	episode_done:True
text:within the hcard is a geo microformat , which additionally makes the coordinates -lrb- latitude & longitude -rrb- parsable , so that they can be , say , looked up on a map , or downloaded to a gps unit .	labels:Within the hcard is a geo microformat so that they can be, say, looked up on a map, or downloaded to a gps unit. He/She/It/They/There additionally makes the coordinates -lrb- latitude & longitude -rrb- parsable. 	episode_done:True
text:this is a list of german presidents since 1919 by longevity .	labels:This is a list of german presidents since 1919 by longevity. 	episode_done:True
text:it is adjacent to lord wandsworth college .	labels:It is adjacent to lord wandsworth college. 	episode_done:True
text:the last election was held on 18 september 2005 , the 16th bundestag convened on 18 october 2005 .	labels:The last election was held on 18 september 2005, the 16th bundestag convened on 18 october 2005. 	episode_done:True
text:forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .	labels:Forty-Nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded. 	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2000 , and given the temporary designation .	labels:It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2000, and given the temporary designation. 	episode_done:True
text:history u.s. president woodrow wilson first proclaimed an armistice day for november 12 , 1919 .	labels:History u.s. president woodrow wilson first proclaimed an armistice day for november 12, 1919. 	episode_done:True
text:pontedera is an italian industrial town in tuscany , italy , in the administrative province of pisa .	labels:Pontedera is an italian industrial town in tuscany, italy, in the administrative province of pisa. 	episode_done:True
text:eventually , this also expanded the realm of " just say no " to violence , premarital sex , and any other " vices " that young people might try .	labels:Eventually, this also expanded the realm of `` just say no `` to violence, premarital sex, and any other `` vices `` that young people might try. 	episode_done:True
text:peter richardson then negotiated a deal for six self-contained half-hour films , using the group as comedy actors rather than stand-up performers .	labels:Peter richardson then negotiated a deal for six self-contained half-hour films, using the group as comedy actors rather than stand-up performers. 	episode_done:True
text:with her election , pelosi became the first woman , the first californian and the first italian-american to hold the speakership .	labels:With her election, pelosi became the first woman, the first californian and the first italian-american to hold the speakership. 	episode_done:True
text:it is the county seat of washington county , and , by many definitions , the largest city in a region known as western maryland .	labels:It is the county seat of washington county, and, by many definitions, the largest city in a region known as western maryland. 	episode_done:True
text:the formation of armenian revolutionary groups began roughly around the end of the russo-turkish war of 1878 and intensified with the first introduction of article 166 of the ottoman penal code 166 , and the raid of erzerum cathedral .	labels:The formation of armenian revolutionary groups began roughly around the end of the russo-turkish war of 1878 and intensified with the first introduction of article 166 of the ottoman penal code 166, and the raid of erzerum cathedral. 	episode_done:True
text:these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .	labels:These attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical. 	episode_done:True
text:the year 1976 saw punk arrive on what some people perceived to be a stagnant music scene and nme , like other " specialist " publications , was slow to cover this new phenomenon .	labels:The year 1976 saw punk arrive on what some people perceived to be a dirty music scene and nme, like other `` specialist `` publications, was slow to cover this new phenomenon. 	episode_done:True
text:he is a member of the austrian writers ' associations grazer autorenversammlung -lrb- gav -rrb- gav members ' list , entry about klaus ebner , retrieved on 2009-02-12 .	labels:He is a member of the austrian writers ' associations grazer autorenversammlung -lrb- gav -rrb- gav members ' list, entry about klaus ebner, retrieved on 2009-02-12. 	episode_done:True
text:according to the georgian chronicles , he was a son of rev , son of mirian iii , the first christian king of iberia .	labels:According to the georgian chronicles, he was a son of rev, son of mirian iii, the first christian king of iberia. 	episode_done:True
text:the town of carluke -lrb- gaelic : cathair moluaig -rrb- lies in the heart of the lanarkshire countryside in south lanarkshire , scotland , 5.4 miles northwest of lanark and 5 miles south-east of wishaw .	labels:The town of carluke -lrb- gaelic: cathair moluaig -rrb- lies in the heart of the lanarkshire landscape in south lanarkshire, scotland, 5.4 miles northwest of lanark and 5 miles south-east of wishaw. 	episode_done:True
text:he is best known as an educator of poor children and an advocate of conscientious objection .	labels:He is best known as an doctor of poor children and an advocate of conscientious beef. 	episode_done:True
text:before the 2002 election fc bayern general manager uli hoeneß expressed his support for stoiber and the csu .	labels:Before the 2002 election fc bayern general manager uli hoeneß expressed his support for stoiber and the csu. 	episode_done:True
text:santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- , the earliest extant church in assisi .	labels:Santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb-, the earliest extant church in assisi. 	episode_done:True
text:united nations career lie led the norwegian delegation to the united nations conference in san francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the provisions of the united nations security council .	labels:United nations career lie led the norwegian delegation to the united nations conference in san francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the provisions of the united nations security council. 	episode_done:True
text:a material such as gold , which is chemically inert at normal scales , can serve as a potent chemical catalyst at nanoscales .	labels:A material such as gold can serve as a potent chemical catalyst at nanoscales. He/She/It/They/There is chemically inert at normal scales. 	episode_done:True
text:he traveled over 200,000 miles , an incredible achievement for pre-aviation times .	labels:He traveled over 200,000 miles, an incredible achievement for pre-aviation times. 	episode_done:True
text:donald became the most popular of the disney characters in scandinavia .	labels:Donald became the most popular of the disney characters in scandinavia. 	episode_done:True
text:keymer was an ancient parish that like its near neighbour clayton was merged into the modern day parish of hassocks .	labels:Keymer was an ancient parish that like its near neighbour clayton was merged into the modern day parish of hassocks. 	episode_done:True
text:in each issue , there was a review of an artist 's entire discography , with each album being analyzed in turn .	labels:In each issue, there was a review of an artist's entire discography, with each album being analyzed in turn. 	episode_done:True
text:stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .	labels:Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised. 	episode_done:True
text:as a result of this colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion .	labels:As a result of this colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion. 	episode_done:True
text:the mercenaries encounter ripley , and their youngest member call -lrb- winona ryder -rrb- recognizes her name .	labels:The mercenaries encounter ripley, and their youngest member call -lrb- winona ryder -rrb- recognizes her name. 	episode_done:True
text:a punt is a flat-bottomed boat with a square-cut bow , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .	labels:A punt is a flat-bottomed boat with a square-cut bow, designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water. 	episode_done:True
text:benjamin jeremy " ben " stein -lrb- born november 25 , 1944 -rrb- is an american actor , writer , and commentator on political and economic issues .	labels:Benjamin jeremy `` ben `` stein -lrb- born november 25, 1944 -rrb- is an american actor, writer, and speaker on political and economic issues. 	episode_done:True
text:munroe bight to the north of cape pillar is named after the former american barque james munroe wrecked there in 1850 .	labels:Munroe bight to the north of cape column is named after the former american barque james munroe wrecked there in 1850. 	episode_done:True
text:rollercoaster tycoon -lrb- or often abbreviated rct -rrb- is a series of computer games that simulate amusement park management .	labels:Rollercoaster chief -lrb- or often abbreviated rct -rrb- is a series of computer games that plastic sport park management. 	episode_done:True
text:in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .	labels:In approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly, the seats were distributed as follows: free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb-: 2 members, christian democratic people's party -lrb- cvp -rrb-: 2 members, social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb-: 2 members, and swiss people's party -lrb- svp -rrb-: 1 member. 	episode_done:True
text:bonham carter will be starring alongside matthew macfadyen and denis lawson .	labels:Bonham carter will be starring alongside matthew macfadyen and denis lawson. 	episode_done:True
text:due to the cold war , subsequent trials never took place .	labels:Due to the cold war, subsequent trials never took place. 	episode_done:True
text:it is said to be electrogenic ; a fish that has the ability to detect electric fields is said to be electroreceptive .	labels:It is said to be electrogenic; a fish that has the ability to detect electric fields is said to be electroreceptive. 	episode_done:True
text:according to the fictional universe first established by slayer , the ' buffyverse , ' the term ' buffyverse ' is used amongst fans of buffy / angel online to describe the fictional universe established by buffy / angel .	labels:According to the fictional universe first established by slayer, the ' buffyverse, ' the term ' buffyverse ' is used amongst fans of buffy / angel online to describe the fictional universe established by buffy / angel. 	episode_done:True
text:they were introduced to europe in 1846 by robert fortune , collector for the london horticultural society , and shortly thereafter into north america .	labels:They were introduced to europe in 1846 by robert fortune, collector for the london horticultural society, and shortly thereafter into north america. 	episode_done:True
text:44-47 the plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the primary mode of public transportation .	labels:44-47 the plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the primary mode of public transportation. 	episode_done:True
text:his work driving forward the development of products that are both functional and elegant has earned him a devoted following .	labels:His work driving forward the development of products that are both functional and elegant has earned him a devoted following. 	episode_done:True
text:nevertheless , tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .	labels:Nevertheless, tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern new ireland, haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb-, and woodcuts by max pechstein. 	episode_done:True
text:it can also be used pejoratively , to refer to a common street beggar who chants holy names , scriptures or verses .	labels:It can also be used pejoratively, to refer to a common street beggar who chants holy names, scriptures or verses. 	episode_done:True
text:this arises when a pawn uses its initial-move option to advance two squares instead of one , and in so doing passes over a square that is attacked by an enemy pawn .	labels:This arises when a pawn uses its initial-move option to advance two squares instead of one, and in so doing passes over a square that is attacked by an enemy pawn. 	episode_done:True
text:throwing a pie in a person 's face has been a staple of film comedy since ben turpin received one in mr. flip in 1909 , and is often associated with clowns in popular culture .	labels:Throwing a pie in a person's face has been a staple of film comedy since ben turpin received one in mr. flip in 1909, and is often associated with clowns in popular culture. 	episode_done:True
text:origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .	labels:Origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia, newberry and laurens railroad. 	episode_done:True
text:the bcg matrix -lrb- aka b.c.g. analysis , bcg-matrix , boston box , boston matrix , boston consulting group analysis -rrb- is a chart that had been created by bruce henderson for the boston consulting group in 1970 to help corporations with analyzing their business units or product lines .	labels:The bcg matrix -lrb- aka b.c.g. Analysis, bcg-matrix, boston box, boston matrix, boston consulting group analysis -rrb- is a chart that had been created by bruce henderson for the boston consulting group in 1970 to help corporations with analyzing their business units or product lines. 	episode_done:True
text:the polish people , or poles -lrb- , singular polak -rrb- , are a western slavic ethnic group of central europe , living predominantly in poland .	labels:The polish people, or poles -lrb-, singular polak -rrb-, are a western slavic ethnic group of central europe, living commonly in poland. 	episode_done:True
text:leicester is officially the largest city in the region and the largest conurbation is the nottingham urban area .	labels:Leicester is officially the largest city in the region and the largest conurbation is the nottingham urban area. 	episode_done:True
text:his late life was marked by stereo recordings with the columbia symphony orchestra .	labels:His late life was marked by stereo recordings with the columbia symphony orchestra. 	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created in 1994 by merging the two previous districts riesa and großenhain .	labels:History the district was created in 1994 by merging the two previous districts riesa and großenhain. 	episode_done:True
text:the cilia of the respiratory epithelium move the particulate matter towards the pharynx where it is digested .	labels:The cilia of the respiratory epithelium move the particulate matter towards the pharynx where it is digested. 	episode_done:True
text:sir simon denis rattle , cbe , frsa , -lrb- born 19 january 1955 -rrb- is an english conductor .	labels:Sir simon denis rattle, cbe, frsa, -lrb- born 19 january 1955 -rrb- is an english conductor. 	episode_done:True
text:this category contains articles related to motorways in the united kingdom .	labels:This category contains articles related to motorways in the united kingdom. 	episode_done:True
text:later that year , the band released their debut album , fresh fruit for rotting vegetables .	labels:Later that year, the band released their debut album, fresh fruit for rotting vegetables. 	episode_done:True
text:before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .	labels:Before 1980, a section of the commonwealth railways central australian line passed along the western side of the simpson desert. 	episode_done:True
text:implementations ssl and tls have been widely implemented in several open source software projects .	labels:Implementations ssl. Tls have been widely implemented in several open source software projects. 	episode_done:True
text:he most recently worked with slipknot on their new fourth studio album titled all hope is gone .	labels:He most recently worked with slipknot on their new fourth studio album titled all hope is gone. 	episode_done:True
text:it is caught , smoked and then sold widely in markets around the lake .	labels:It is caught, smoked. Then sold widely in markets around the lake. 	episode_done:True
text:food is an important reason why el puerto de santa maria attracts hundreds of tourists .	labels:Food is an important reason why el puerto de santa maria attracts hundreds of tourists. 	episode_done:True
text:the manchu ethnicity has largely been assimilated with the han chinese .	labels:The manchu ethnicity has largely been assimilated with the han chinese. 	episode_done:True
text:their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 – 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 – 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	labels:Their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 – 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 – 0 against manchester united in 1995. 	episode_done:True
text:he settled in london , devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .	labels:He settled in london, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching. 	episode_done:True
text:for instance , many of the germanic states -lrb- as well as english reformation -rrb- converted to protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the grasp of the pope .	labels:For instance, many of the germanic states -lrb- as well as english reformation -rrb- converted to protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the grasp of the pope. 	episode_done:True
text:today the garden is divided into sections containing the botanical school , gardens , ponds , greenhouses , and various buildings .	labels:Today the garden is divided into sections containing the botanical school, gardens, ponds, greenhouses, and various buildings. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1961 , she made her metropolitan opera debut as aida ; the following year she made her debut at the royal opera house with the same role .	labels:In 1961, she made her metropolitan opera debut as aida; the following year she made her debut at the royal opera house with the same role. 	episode_done:True
text:the team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , while the opponent hosts games 3 , 4 and 6 -lrb- games 5 – 7 are played " if necessary " -rrb- .	labels:The team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1, 2, 5 and 7, while the opponent hosts games 3, 4 and 6 -lrb- games 5 – 7 are played `` if necessary `` -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:eva anna paula braun , died eva anna paula hitler -lrb- 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 -rrb- was the longtime companion and , for a brief time , wife of adolf hitler .	labels:Eva anna paula braun, died eva anna paula hitler -lrb- 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 -rrb- was the longtime companion and, for a brief time, wife of adolf hitler. 	episode_done:True
text:those who are born in the state are known as " capixabas " , although the precise word is " espiritossantenses " .	labels:Those who are born in the state are known as `` capixabas ``, although the precise word is `` espiritossantenses ``. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1828 , coenraad johannes van houten developed the first cocoa powder producing machine in the netherlands .	labels:In 1828, coenraad johannes van houten developed the first cocoa powder producing machine in the netherlands. 	episode_done:True
text:the wwf consisted of stone cold steve austin , kurt angle , chris jericho , kane , and the undertaker , who all squared off against the team of ddp , booker t , rhyno , and the dudley boys .	labels:The wwf consisted of stone cold steve austin, kurt angle, chris jericho, kane, and the undertaker booker t, rhyno, and the dudley boys. He/She/It/They/There all squared off against the team of ddp. 	episode_done:True
text:the employee was eventually rehired at a different nearby location .	labels:The employee was eventually rehired at a different nearby location. 	episode_done:True
text:after the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed last installment rocky v , stallone had decided to end the series with a sixth installment which would be a more appropriate climax to the series .	labels:After the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed last installment rocky v, stallone had decided to end the series with a sixth installment which would be a more appropriate highlight to the series. 	episode_done:True
text:prometheus acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner edge of saturn 's f ring .	labels:Prometheus acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner edge of saturn's f ring. 	episode_done:True
text:the west coast blues is a type of blues music characterized by jazz and jump blues influences , strong piano-dominated sounds and jazzy guitar solos , which originated from texas blues players relocated to california in the 1940s .	labels:The west coast blues is a type of blues music characterized by jazz and jump blues influences, strong piano-dominated sounds and jazzy guitar solos. He/She/It/They/There originated from texas blues players relocated to california in the 1940s. 	episode_done:True
text:the wanted men were suspected of being in the wombat ranges north of mansfield , victoria .	labels:The wanted men were suspected of being in the wombat ranges north of mansfield, victoria. 	episode_done:True
text:she also visits mainland of china , hong kong , malaysia and singapore frequently for promotional rounds .	labels:She also visits mainland of china, hong kong, malaysia and singapore frequently for promotional rounds. 	episode_done:True
text:the 1974 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1974 , and lasted until november 30 , 1974 .	labels:The 1974 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1, 1974, and lasted until november 30, 1974. 	episode_done:True
text:pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .	labels:Pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994, and later mario vs. donkey kong 2: march of the minis in 2006, although the character is now described as `` mario's friend ``. 	episode_done:True
text:until 1943 , von dem bach-zalewski remained the hsspf in command of " anti-partisan " units on the central front , a special command created by adolf hitler .	labels:Until 1943, von dem bach-zalewski remained the hsspf in command of `` anti-partisan `` units on the central front, a special command created by adolf hitler. 	episode_done:True
text:in popular music , a side project is a project undertaken by one or more persons already known for their involvement in another band .	labels:In popular music, a side project is a project undertaken by one or more persons already known for their involvement in another band. 	episode_done:True
text:some speculative sources say that he was also in paris between 1308 and 1310 .	labels:Some speculative sources say that he was also in paris between 1308 and 1310. 	episode_done:True
text:at the great american bash on july 20 , 2008 , mccool defeated natalya to become the inaugural divas champion .	labels:At the great american bash on july 20, 2008, mccool defeated natalya to become the inaugural divas champion. 	episode_done:True
text:on the 15 november 2003 a sprinter train travelling to ballarat was derailed between ballan and gordon injuring 61 people when it hit a stationary car on a country railway crossing .	labels:On the 15 november 2003 a sprinter train travelling to ballarat was derailed between ballan. Gordon injuring 61 people when it hit a frozen car on a country railway crossing. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1974 he was tried and acquitted of participating in the raid that rescued baader .	labels:In 1974 he was tried and acquitted of participating in the raid that rescued baader. 	episode_done:True
text:monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .	labels:Monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france, in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur. 	episode_done:True
text:during its heyday , chang ' an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world .	labels:During its prime, chang ' an was one of the largest and most packed cities in the world. 	episode_done:True
text:the post office was established on may 24 , 1897 , and took its name from koweta mission .	labels:The post office was established on may 24, 1897, and took its name from koweta mission. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1589 , salt began to be made in sunderland .	labels:In 1589, salt began to be made in sunderland. 	episode_done:True
text:climate tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 ° celsius -lrb- 104 ° f -rrb- in summer , often reaching as high as 47 ° c -lrb- 117 ° f -rrb- .	labels:Climate tibooburra has an arid, desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 ° celsius -lrb- 104 ° f -rrb- in summer, often reaching as high as 47 ° c -lrb- 117 ° f -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:year-round school is the scheduling of educational institutions so that students take class throughout the entire calendar year .	labels:Year-Round school is the scheduling of educational institutions so that students take class throughout the entire calendar year. 	episode_done:True
text:cruiserweight open for the wwe cruiserweight championship 10:28 7 goldberg defeated brock lesnar .	labels:Cruiserweight open for the wwe cruiserweight championship 10:28 7 goldberg defeated brock lesnar. 	episode_done:True
text:this advanced protocol will not work with some older network cards .	labels:This advanced protocol will not work with some older network cards. 	episode_done:True
text:diacritical marks and non-english letters are ignored , while numerical entries such as " 1812 , war of " are alphabetised as if the number had been written out -lrb- " eighteen-twelve , war of " -rrb- .	labels:Diacritical marks and non-english letters are ignored, while numerical entries such as `` 1812, war of `` are alphabetised as if the number had been written out -lrb- `` eighteen-twelve, war of `` -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:previous versions were based on knoppix .	labels:Previous versions were based on knoppix. 	episode_done:True
text:she was left behind -lrb- explanations for this vary -rrb- when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .	labels:She was left behind -lrb- explanations for this vary -rrb- when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland. 	episode_done:True
text:in syntax , a verb is a word -lrb- part of speech -rrb- that usually denotes an action -lrb- bring , read -rrb- , an occurrence -lrb- decompose , glitter -rrb- , or a state of being -lrb- exist , stand -rrb- .	labels:In syntax, a verb is a word -lrb- part of speech -rrb- that usually denotes an action -lrb- bring, read -rrb-, an occurrence -lrb- decompose, glitter -rrb-, or a state of being -lrb- exist, stand -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:vikidia is an online encyclopedia wiki designed with mediawiki software .	labels:Vikidia is an online encyclopedia wiki designed with mediawiki software. 	episode_done:True
text:few senior american economists agreed with keynes through most of the 1930s .	labels:Few senior american economists agreed with keynes through most of the 1930s. 	episode_done:True
text:in modern days , joss sticks can be used for any purpose , such as to enhance the smell of a room , or to light fire crackers .	labels:In modern days, joss sticks can be used for any purpose, such as to enhance the smell of a room, or to light fire crackers. 	episode_done:True
text:in mathematics , a riemann sum is a method for approximating the total area underneath a curve on a graph , otherwise known as an integral .	labels:In mathematics, a riemann sum is a method for approximating the total area underneath a curve on a graph, otherwise known as an integral. 	episode_done:True
text:galileo imaged almost all of the surface of metis and put constraints on its composition by 1998 .	labels:Galileo imaged almost all of the surface of metis and put constraints on its composition by 1998. 	episode_done:True
text:their name derives from the name of the mountainous region in the north of algeria , which they traditionally inhabit .	labels:Their name derives from the name of the mountainous region in the north of algeria. He/She/It/They/There they traditionally settle. 	episode_done:True
text:fcw 's debut show was on june 26 , 2007 at tampa , florida 's dallas bull .	labels:Fcw's debut show was on june 26, 2007 at tampa, florida's dallas bull. 	episode_done:True
text:napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .	labels:Napoleonic wars: austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm, reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers. 	episode_done:True
text:obsidian has been used in cardiac surgery , as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels , with the edge of the blade being only about 3 nanometres wide .	labels:Obsidian has been used in cardiac surgery, as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels, with the edge of the blade being only about 3 nanometres wide. 	episode_done:True
text:in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .	labels:In architectural decoration small pieces of colored and shot shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays furniture and boxes. He/She/It/They/There have been used to cite walls. 	episode_done:True
text:it overlies the north pole , touching north america in the western hemisphere and scandinavia and asia in the eastern hemisphere .	labels:It overlies the north pole, touching north america in the western hemisphere and scandinavia and asia in the eastern hemisphere. 	episode_done:True
text:women experience less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs .	labels:Women experience less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs. 	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2003 , receiving the temporary designation .	labels:It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2003, receiving the temporary designation. 	episode_done:True
text:thus from white oak , he went to princeton , where he worked on his equilibrium theory .	labels:Thus from white oak, he went to princeton. He/She/It/They/There he worked on his equilibrium theory. 	episode_done:True
text:some of the technologies have been adapted to social networking services and isps .	labels:Some of the technologies have been adapted to social networking services and isps. 	episode_done:True
text:the apostles ' creed , as well as other baptismal creeds , is esteemed as an example of the apostles ' teachings and a defense of the gospel of christ .	labels:The apostles ' body, as well as other baptismal creeds, is esteemed as an example of the apostles ' teachings and a defense of the gospel of christ. 	episode_done:True
text:he was appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .	labels:He was appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988. 	episode_done:True
text:more formally , vorticity can be related to the amount of " circulation " or " rotation " -lrb- or more strictly , the local angular rate of rotation -rrb- in a fluid .	labels:More formally, vorticity can be related to the amount of `` circulation `` or `` rotation `` -lrb- or more strictly, the local angular rate of rotation -rrb- in a fluid. 	episode_done:True
text:from the word accountant the term accountancy is derived .	labels:From the word accountant the term accountancy is derived. 	episode_done:True
text:it was also on the london sunday times best-seller list for more than four years .	labels:It was also on the london sunday times best-seller list for more than four years. 	episode_done:True
text:history the state was created in 1951 out of the historical states of baden , hohenzollern and württemberg , part of the region of swabia .	labels:History the state was created in 1951 out of the historical states of baden, hohenzollern and württemberg, part of the region of swabia. 	episode_done:True
text:in the list below , works by plato are marked -lrb- 1 -rrb- if there is no consensus among scholars as to whether plato is the author , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- if scholars generally agree that plato is not the author of the work .	labels:In the list below, works by plato are marked -lrb- 1 -rrb- if there is no consensus among scholars as to whether plato is the author, and -lrb- 2 -rrb- if scholars generally agree that plato is not the author of the work. 	episode_done:True
text:wilma may refer to : wilma is a female first name originating as a short form of the german name wilhelmina .	labels:Wilma may refer to: wilma is a female first name originating as a short form of the german name wilhelmina. 	episode_done:True
text:in this respect , there is a striking parallel between the qing / koxinga situation and the current prc / roc situation .	labels:In this respect, there is a striking parallel between the qing / koxinga situation and the current prc / roc situation. 	episode_done:True
text:one candidate met with success : alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat .	labels:One candidate met with success: alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat. 	episode_done:True
text:wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .	labels:Wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series. 	episode_done:True
text:cheaha mountain , often called mount cheaha , is the highest point in the u.s. state of alabama .	labels:Cheaha mountain, often called mount cheaha, is the highest point in the u.s. state of alabama. 	episode_done:True
text:the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .	labels:The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white; and occasionally, is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs. 	episode_done:True
text:a storm of swords is the third of seven planned novels in a song of ice and fire , an epic fantasy series by american author george r. r. martin .	labels:A storm of swords is the third of seven planned novels in a song of ice and fire, an epic fantasy series by american author george r. r. martin. 	episode_done:True
text:by the 1990s , the end of the cold war and normalisation of relations between some countries improved the prospects for creating a rail network across the asian continent .	labels:By the 1990s, the end of the cold war and normalisation of relations between some countries improved the prospects for creating a rail network across the asian continent. 	episode_done:True
text:the northern section of upper egypt , between el-ayait and sohag is sometimes known as middle egypt .	labels:The northern section of upper egypt, between el-ayait Sohag is sometimes known as middle egypt. 	episode_done:True
text:ohio state has also won national championships in men 's swimming & diving , men 's outdoor track & field , men 's golf , men 's gymnastics , men 's fencing , co-ed fencing , and multiple synchronized swimming championships .	labels:Ohio state has also won national championships in men's swimming & diving, men's outdoor track & field, men's golf, men's gymnastics, men's fencing, co-ed fencing, and multiple synchronized swimming championships. 	episode_done:True
text:today , landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .	labels:Today, landis ' father has become a hearty advocate of his son and regards himself as one of floyd's biggest fans. 	episode_done:True
text:the series returned from hiatus on february 7 , 2007 and was aired at 10:00 pm .	labels:The series returned from rest on february 7, 2007 and was aired at 10:00 pm. 	episode_done:True
text:to the south lies the laurenzenvorstadt , that is , the part of the town formerly outside the city wall .	labels:To the south lies the laurenzenvorstadt the part of the town formerly outside the city wall. He/She/It/They/There is. 	episode_done:True
text:42 – 59 external links 2001 census , accessed nov . 29 , 2006 geo .	labels:42 – 59 external links 2001 census, accessed nov. 29, 2006 geo. 	episode_done:True
text:in august 2007 , hager was reassigned to florida championship wrestling , where he began a feud with tj wilson .	labels:In august 2007, hager was reassigned to florida championship wrestling. He/She/It/They/There he began a feud with tj wilson. 	episode_done:True
text:the province has an area of 3,125 km ² which is divided into eight administrative districts -lrb- arrondissementen -rrb- containing 64 municipalities .	labels:The province has an area of 3,125 km ² which is divided into eight administrative districts -lrb- arrondissementen -rrb- containing 64 municipalities. 	episode_done:True
text:the 1977 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1977 , and lasted until november 30 , 1977 .	labels:The 1977 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1, 1977, and lasted until november 30, 1977. 	episode_done:True
text:athletic teams at the school are nicknamed the eagles .	labels:Athletic teams at the school are nicknamed the eagles. 	episode_done:True
text:this includes all natural and human accidents and errors and is calculated over roughly 160,000 shinkansen trips completed .	labels:This includes all natural and human accidents and errors and is calculated over roughly 160,000 shinkansen trips completed. 	episode_done:True
text:the french word bourgeois evolved from the old french word burgeis , meaning " an inhabitant of a town " -lrb- cf .	labels:The french word bourgeois evolved from the old french word burgeis, meaning `` an resident of a town `` -lrb- cf. 	episode_done:True
text:he met his wife , dancer michelle mcsween , when the pair starred in the stage musical oh , what a night in 1999 .	labels:He met his wife, dancer michelle mcsween what a night in 1999. He/She/It/They/There the pair starred in the stage musical oh. 	episode_done:True
text:the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .	labels:The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799, limnoria lignorum. 	episode_done:True
text:saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .	labels:Saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean, approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico. 	episode_done:True
text:the core may be composed of solid and liquid layers , while the cores of mars and venus are thought to be completely solid as they lack an internally generated magnetic field .	labels:The core may be composed of solid and liquid layers, while the cores of mars. Venus are thought to be completely solid as they lack an internally generated magnetic field. 	episode_done:True
text:he received the punishment of being forced to shoot an apple off the head of his son , walter , or else both would be executed .	labels:He received the punishment of being forced to shoot an apple off the head of his son, walter, or else both would be executed. 	episode_done:True
text:the island has no indigenous population , but is assigned the iso 3166-1 alpha-2 country code sj -lrb- together with svalbard -rrb- , the internet country code top-level domain -lrb- cctld -rrb- .	labels:The island has no indigenous population, but is assigned the iso 3166-1 alpha-2 country code sj -lrb- together with svalbard -rrb-, the internet country code top-level domain -lrb- cctld -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:he also invented the binary system , foundation of virtually all modern computer architectures .	labels:He also invented the binary system, foundation of virtually all modern computer architectures. 	episode_done:True
text:edmontonia was an armoured dinosaur , a part of the nodosaur family from the late cretaceous period .	labels:Edmontonia was an armoured dinosaur, a part of the nodosaur family from the late cretaceous period. 	episode_done:True
text:the riot continued into the early morning , until police used fire brigade water hoses to disperse the crowd .	labels:The riot continued into the early morning, until police used fire brigade water hoses to pepper the crowd. 	episode_done:True
text:brunswick is an american city in the state of georgia and the seat of glynn county .	labels:Brunswick is an american city in the state of georgia and the seat of glynn county. 	episode_done:True
text:the museum and pearson field , along with the fort vancouver national historic site , are part of the vancouver national historic reserve .	labels:The museum and pearson field, along with the fort vancouver national historic site, are part of the vancouver national historic reserve. 	episode_done:True
text:to the north the canton is bounded by the swiss cantons of vaud and bern ; the cantons of uri and ticino lie to its east .	labels:To the north the canton is bounded by the swiss cantons of vaud and bern; the cantons of uri and ticino lie to its east. 	episode_done:True
text:when the island reverted to complete spanish control , malabo was renamed santa isabel .	labels:When the island reverted to complete spanish control, malabo was renamed santa isabel. 	episode_done:True
text:about 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are required to make a pound of silk .	labels:About 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are required to make a pound of silk. 	episode_done:True
text:the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .	labels:The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region. 	episode_done:True
text:a free translation of all but one chapter was produced by arthur waley .	labels:A free translation of all but one chapter was produced by arthur waley. 	episode_done:True
text:a saddle is a supportive structure for a rider or other load , fastened to an animal 's back by a girth .	labels:A saddle is a supportive structure for a rider or other load, fastened to an animal's back by a girth. 	episode_done:True
text:birmingham is a city in van buren county , iowa , united states .	labels:Birmingham is a city in van buren county, iowa, united states. 	episode_done:True
text:an episode of due south , " dr. long ball " , was filmed at arnold anderson stadium in cockshutt park .	labels:An episode of due south, `` dr. long ball ``, was filmed at arnold anderson stadium in cockshutt park. 	episode_done:True
text:the book chronicles events which take place in the fictional space colony of windhaven .	labels:The book chronicles events which take place in the fictional space colony of windhaven. 	episode_done:True
text:frederick had a summer residence built there for sophie charlotte by the architect johann arnold nering between 1695 and 1699 .	labels:Frederick had a summer residence built there for sophie charlotte by the architect johann arnold nering between 1695 and 1699. 	episode_done:True
text:the album debuted at number 64 in the us , and number nine in sweden , higher than any previous opeth release .	labels:The album debuted at number 64 in the us, and number nine in sweden, higher than any previous opeth release. 	episode_done:True
text:its symbol is " $ " , with " rd $ " used when distinction from other pesos -lrb- or dollars -rrb- is required ; its iso 4217 code is " dop " .	labels:Its symbol is `` $ ``, with `` rd $ `` used when distinction from other pesos -lrb- or dollars -rrb- is required; its iso 4217 code is `` dop ``. 	episode_done:True
text:they also use visual signals to communicate with members of the same species .	labels:They also use visual signals to communicate with members of the same species. 	episode_done:True
text:however , this list contains substances which may have synthetic origins .	labels:However, this list contains substances which may have synthetic origins. 	episode_done:True
text:rather than focus solely on mainstream acts , revolver introduces many acts that are not played on the radio or on mtv .	labels:Rather than focus solely on mainstream acts, revolver introduces many acts that are not played on the radio or on mtv. 	episode_done:True
text:a workstation is a high-end microcomputer designed for technical or scientific applications .	labels:A workstation is a high-end microcomputer designed for technical or scientific applications. 	episode_done:True
text:best before is usually advisory and refers to the quality of the product , in contrast with use by and best by which indicate that the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date .	labels:Best before is usually advisory and refers to the quality of the product, in contrast with use by and best by which indicate that the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date. 	episode_done:True
text:the higgs boson is the only standard model particle that has not yet been observed .	labels:The higgs boson is the only standard model particle that has not yet been observed. 	episode_done:True
text:as demand for coal slipped following world war ii , mines began to close across the region , causing mass unemployment .	labels:As demand for coal slipped following world war ii, mines began to close across the region, causing mass unemployment. 	episode_done:True
text:brig is an administrative district in the canton of valais , switzerland .	labels:Brig is an administrative district in the canton of valais, switzerland. 	episode_done:True
text:this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .	labels:This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria's rule, and vast quantities were printed. 	episode_done:True
text:key -lrb- v -rrb- indicates the actor or actress lent only his or her voice for his or her film character .	labels:Key -lrb- v -rrb- indicates the actor or actress lent only his or her voice for his or her film character. 	episode_done:True
text:he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .	labels:He came from a musical family; his mother, larue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, keith brion, was a band director at yale. 	episode_done:True
text:despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .	labels:Despite this, farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade. 	episode_done:True
text:proper saddle care can extend the useful life of a saddle , often for decades .	labels:Proper saddle care can extend the useful life of a saddle, often for decades. 	episode_done:True
text:britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	labels:Britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s. 	episode_done:True
text:in the philippines , oregano , plectranthus amboinicus , is not commonly used as a cooking ingredient but is primarily considered a medicinal plant , useful for relieving children 's coughs .	labels:In the philippines, oregano, plectranthus amboinicus, is not commonly used as a cooking ingredient but is primarily considered a medicinal plant, useful for relieving children's coughs. 	episode_done:True
text:as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .	labels:As the largest sub-region in mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán. 	episode_done:True
text:meanwhile , big mama explains to tod that his friendship with copper can not continue , as they are natural enemies , but tod refuses to believe her .	labels:Meanwhile, big mama explains to tod that his friendship with copper can not continue, as they are natural enemies, but tod refuses to believe her. 	episode_done:True
text:this structure is still used for determining the teams in the playoffs in the american hockey league .	labels:This structure is still used for determining the teams in the playoffs in the american hockey league. 	episode_done:True
text:variant spellings in english include felafel and filafil .	labels:Variant spellings in english include felafel and filafil. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1265 , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester summoned the first elected parliament .	labels:In 1265, simon de montfort, 6th earl of leicester summoned the first elected parliament. 	episode_done:True
text:yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .	labels:Yoghurt. Yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk. 	episode_done:True
text:tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .	labels:Tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east. 	episode_done:True
text:fossils canowindra is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .	labels:Fossils canowindra is the site of one of the world's great fossil discoveries. 	episode_done:True
text:1700 to 1900 by the early seventeenth century small scale brick and tile manufacture was flourishing and during this time parcels of common land were allocated for house building and small businesses .	labels:1700 to 1900 by the early seventeenth century small scale brick and tile manufacture was flourishing and during this time parcels of common land were allocated for house building and small businesses. 	episode_done:True
text:such peoples ' native languages often have differentiated forms that simply did not survive the transfer to english .	labels:Such peoples ' native languages often have differentiated forms that simply did not survive the transfer to english. 	episode_done:True
text:the following is a list of the 339 communes of the ardèche département in france .	labels:The following is a list of the 339 communes of the ardèche département in france. 	episode_done:True
text:after her grandfather 's death in 1850 she was trained to teach , but her refusal to acknowledge napoleon iii prevented her from serving in a state school .	labels:After her grandfather's death in 1850 she was trained to teach, but her denial to acknowledge napoleon iii prevented her from serving in a state school. 	episode_done:True
text:marant is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .	labels:Marant is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france. 	episode_done:True
text:this era coincided with the medieval warm period -lrb- 800 1300 -rrb- and stopped with the start of the little ice age -lrb- about 1250 1850 -rrb- .	labels:This era coincided with the medieval warm period -lrb- 800 1300 -rrb- and stopped with the start of the little ice age -lrb- about 1250 1850 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:interrupt controlled system some embedded systems are predominantly interrupt controlled .	labels:Interrupt controlled system some embedded systems are commonly interrupt controlled. 	episode_done:True
text:marxists internet archive -lrb- also known as mia or marxists.org -rrb- is a volunteer based non-profit organization that maintains a multi-lingual internet archive of marxist writers and other similar authors -lrb- socialists , anarchists , etc . -rrb- .	labels:Marxists internet archive -lrb- also known as mia or marxists.org -rrb- is a volunteer based non-profit organization that maintains a multi-lingual internet archive of marxist writers and other similar authors -lrb- socialists, anarchists, etc. 	episode_done:True
text:this is probably one of the sources of sarasvati / benzaiten 's close association with snakes and dragons in japan .	labels:This is probably one of the sources of sarasvati / benzaiten's close association with snakes and dragons in japan. 	episode_done:True
text:she was also instructor in declamation there .	labels:She was also instructor in declamation there. 	episode_done:True
text:their religion is predominantly roman catholic .	labels:Their religion is commonly roman catholic. 	episode_done:True
text:education act 1902 , c.42 county councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region , with -lrb- from 1894 -rrb- smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities .	labels:Education act 1902, c.42 county councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region, with -lrb- from 1894 -rrb- smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities. 	episode_done:True
text:however , when the war ended he became particularly concerned about the further development and possible use of atomic weapons and with the destruction inflicted on the world by war in general .	labels:However. He/She/It/They/There the war ended he became particularly concerned about the further development and possible use of atomic weapons and with the destruction inflicted on the world by war in general. 	episode_done:True
text:parts of europe , including much of scandinavia , never adopted many feudal institutions , including serfdom .	labels:Parts of europe, including much of scandinavia, never adopted many feudal institutions, including serfdom. 	episode_done:True
text:this leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- bytes is referenced as 1 mb -lrb- megabyte -rrb- instead of 1 mib .	labels:This leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 -rrb- bytes is referenced as 1 mb -lrb- megabyte -rrb- instead of 1 mib. 	episode_done:True
text:when the reichstag convened in september 1932 , its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in papen ’ s government .	labels:When the reichstag convened in september 1932, its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in papen ’ s government. 	episode_done:True
text:the album featured a greater creative input from the quartet , although they still relied on a heavyweight production crew including rodney jerkins , missy elliott , chad elliot , and dwayne wiggins of tony !	labels:The album featured a greater creative input from the quartet, although they still relied on a heavyweight production crew including rodney jerkins, missy elliott, chad elliot, and dwayne wiggins of tony! 	episode_done:True
text:as well as current kit sponsors for bayern munich , ferencvárosi tc , and west bromwich albion , t-mobile were co-sponsors of everton with the one2one brand and they also sponsored the 2002 fa youth cup final .	labels:As well as current kit sponsors for bayern munich, ferencvárosi tc, and west bromwich albion, t-mobile were co-sponsors of everton with the one2one brand and they also sponsored the 2002 fa youth cup final. 	episode_done:True
text:the marriage was not entirely happy although it inspired some of moeran 's masterpieces , the cello concerto and cello sonata .	labels:The marriage was not entirely happy although it inspired some of moeran's masterpieces, the cello concerto and cello sonata. 	episode_done:True
text:she subsequently recorded " kanashiki kuchibue " , which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit .	labels:She subsequently recorded `` kanashiki kuchibue `` He/She/It/They/There was featured on a radio program and was a national hit. 	episode_done:True
text:the hot metal straightener slid easily through the hair , causing less damage and dryness than previously-used techniques .	labels:The hot metal straightener slid easily through the hair, causing less damage and dryness than previously-used techniques. 	episode_done:True
text:the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .	labels:The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used. 	episode_done:True
text:his magisterium includes almost 1,000 addresses and radio broadcasts .	labels:His magisterium includes almost 1,000 addresses and radio broadcasts. 	episode_done:True
text:the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .	labels:The island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides. 	episode_done:True
text:the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb- .	labels:The four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew, gospel of mark, gospel of luke and gospel of john, probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:it takes place in an alternate history of the american frontier in the early 19th century , to some extent based on early american folklore and superstition .	labels:It takes place in an alternate history of the american frontier in the early 19th century, to some extent based on early american legends and magic. 	episode_done:True
text:high gusts were reported throughout texas , with a maximum gust of reported on the coast guard cutter buttonwood -lrb- wlb-306 -rrb- stationed at the northeastern tip of galveston island .	labels:High gusts were reported throughout texas, with a maximum gust of reported on the coast guard cutter buttonwood -lrb- wlb-306 -rrb- stationed at the northeastern tip of galveston island. 	episode_done:True
text:the administration of the port is carried out by the karachi port trust which was established in the nineteenth century .	labels:The administration of the port is carried out by the karachi port trust which was established in the nineteenth century. 	episode_done:True
text:with little warning , a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 may 18 triggered a massive collapse of the north face of the mountain .	labels:With little warning, a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 may 18 triggered a massive collapse of the north face of the mountain. 	episode_done:True
text:one winter night , she was left alone while her son and his wife went to a basketball game .	labels:One winter night, she was left alone while her son and his wife went to a basketball game. 	episode_done:True
text:cisc and risc the terms risc and cisc have become less meaningful with the continued evolution of both cisc and risc designs and implementations .	labels:Cisc and risc the terms risc. Cisc have become less meaningful with the continued evolution of both cisc and risc designs and implementations. 	episode_done:True
text:penshurst place in kent , england has a little altered 14th century example .	labels:Penshurst place in kent, england has a little altered 14th century example. 	episode_done:True
text:on the afternoon of september 30 , laura had acquired enough tropical characteristics to be designated a tropical storm .	labels:On the afternoon of september 30, laura had acquired enough tropical characteristics to be designated a tropical storm. 	episode_done:True
text:the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .	labels:The british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force. 	episode_done:True
text:it is a concentration of science and technology related businesses , and has strong links with the nearby university of cambridge .	labels:It is a concentration of science and technology related businesses, and has strong links with the nearby university of cambridge. 	episode_done:True
text:in the 1987 hbo television movie conspiracy : the trial of the chicago 8 , hoffman was portrayed by michael lembeck .	labels:In the 1987 hbo television movie conspiracy: the trial of the chicago 8, hoffman was portrayed by michael lembeck. 	episode_done:True
text:carolus linnaeus and other scientists of his time also considered the great apes to be the closest relatives of human beings due to morphological and anatomical similarities .	labels:Carolus linnaeus and other scientists of his time also considered the great apes to be the closest relatives of human beings due to morphological and anatomical similarities. 	episode_done:True
text:fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	labels:Fives is a british sport believed to extract from the same origins as many racquet sports. 	episode_done:True
text:during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .	labels:During an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist. 	episode_done:True
text:the majority of his anger is generated in endless battles with vyvyan , which he invariably loses .	labels:The majority of his anger is generated in endless battles with vyvyan. He/She/It/They/There he always loses. 	episode_done:True
text:the drug also extends the time before a patient needs ventilation support .	labels:The drug also extends the time before a patient needs ventilation support. 	episode_done:True
text:he performed on a regular basis for white audiences in the 1900s .	labels:He performed on a regular basis for white audiences in the 1900s. 	episode_done:True
text:historically mills were powered by hand -lrb- mortar and pestle -rrb- , working animal , wind -lrb- windmill -rrb- or water -lrb- watermill -rrb- .	labels:Historically mills were powered by hand -lrb- mortar and pestle -rrb-, working animal, wind -lrb- windmill -rrb- or water -lrb- watermill -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:command module pilot stuart roosa took several hundred seeds on the mission , many of which were germinated on return resulting in the so called moon trees .	labels:Command module pilot stuart roosa took several hundred seeds on the mission, many of which were germinated on return resulting in the so called moon trees. 	episode_done:True
text:tracking northwestward , the depression moved ashore near fort walton beach early on september 22 , and shortly thereafter it dissipated over southeastern alabama .	labels:Tracking northwestward, the depression moved ashore near fort walton beach early on september 22. Shortly thereafter it dissipated over southeastern alabama. 	episode_done:True
text:lothar -lrb- " emma " -rrb- emmerich -lrb- 29 november 1941 13 august 2003 -rrb- was a german football -lrb- soccer -rrb- player .	labels:Lothar -lrb- `` emma `` -rrb- emmerich -lrb- 29 november 1941 13 august 2003 -rrb- was a german football -lrb- soccer -rrb- player. 	episode_done:True
text:green-shaded teams clinched the remaining ten playoff berths .	labels:Green-Shaded teams clinched the remaining ten playoff berths. 	episode_done:True
text:gun dogs gun dogs are used primarily by small game hunters using shotguns .	labels:Gun dogs gun dogs are used primarily by small game hunters using shotguns. 	episode_done:True
text:publications scope and preparation of the reports the ipcc reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .	labels:Publications scope and preparation of the reports the ipcc reports are a summary of peer reviewed and published science. 	episode_done:True
text:neither , however , described god as appearing in three modes .	labels:Neither, however, described god as appearing in three modes. 	episode_done:True
text:while there , he appeared in several plays , including macbeth , the threepenny opera and henry v , in which he played the title role .	labels:While there, he appeared in several plays, including macbeth, the threepenny opera and henry v, in which he played the title role. 	episode_done:True
text:terrorists have seized control of las vegas to instill widespread panic in both the public as well as law enforcement agencies , such as the national security agency , north atlantic treaty organization , rainbow , as well as the local swat .	labels:Terrorists have seized control of las vegas to instill widespread panic in both the public as well as law enforcement agencies, such as the national security agency, north atlantic treaty organization, rainbow, as well as the local swat. 	episode_done:True
text:noli me tangere was finished in berlin , germany on march 29 , 1887 .	labels:Noli me tangere was finished in berlin, germany on march 29, 1887. 	episode_done:True
text:the staff has since expanded to more than thirty people and two continents with an office in lahore , pakistan .	labels:The staff has since expanded to more than thirty people and two continents with an office in lahore, pakistan. 	episode_done:True
text:will & grace became a ratings success , and messing gained renown .	labels:Will. A ratings success, and messing. Renown. 	episode_done:True
text:given their low metabolic rate and the low density of prey at such depths , vampire squid must use innovative predator avoidance tactics in order to conserve energy .	labels:Given their low metabolic rate and the low density of prey at such depths, vampire squid must use innovative predator avoidance tactics in order to conserve energy. 	episode_done:True
text:while there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of arthur stuart , the son of a slave and a slave-owner who has been adopted by the owners of the local guesthouse .	labels:While there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of arthur stuart, the son of a slave and a slave-owner who has been adopted by the owners of the local guesthouse. 	episode_done:True
text:israel , though subjected to attack by iraqi missiles , refrained from retaliating in order not to provoke arab states into leaving the coalition .	labels:Israel, though subjected to attack by iraqi missiles, refrained from retaliating in order not to trigger arab states into leaving the coalition. 	episode_done:True
text:they would later return to the revived series in the 2008 christmas special " the next doctor " , introducing two new variants of the race ; the cyber-shades and the cyber-king .	labels:They would later return to the revived series in the 2008 christmas special `` the next doctor ``, introducing two new variants of the race; the cyber-shades and the cyber-king. 	episode_done:True
text:the color has been speculated to be due to organic compounds on its surface .	labels:The color has been speculated to be due to organic compounds on its surface. 	episode_done:True
text:orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .	labels:Orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12, 2008. 	episode_done:True
text:however , there are many compounds that are essentially , if not completely , insoluble in water .	labels:However, there are many compounds that are essentially, if not completely, insoluble in water. 	episode_done:True
text:the lion king 1 ½ -lrb- also known as the lion king 3 : hakuna matata in some countries -rrb- is an american direct-to-video animated film released by walt disney home entertainment on february 10 , 2004 .	labels:The lion king 1 ½ -lrb- also known as the lion king 3: hakuna matata in some countries -rrb- is an american direct-to-video animated film released by walt disney home entertainment on february 10, 2004. 	episode_done:True
text:in the canonical watson-crick base pairing , adenine -lrb- a -rrb- forms a base pair with thymine -lrb- t -rrb- , as does guanine -lrb- g -rrb- with cytosine -lrb- c -rrb- in dna .	labels:In the canonical watson-crick base pairing, adenine -lrb- a -rrb- forms a base pair with thymine -lrb- t -rrb-, as does guanine -lrb- g -rrb- with cytosine -lrb- c -rrb- in dna. 	episode_done:True
text:several marsupial herbivores , notably koalas and some possums , are relatively tolerant of it .	labels:Several marsupial herbivores, especially koalas and some possums, are relatively tolerant of it. 	episode_done:True
text:offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .	labels:Offenbach's numerous operettas, such as orpheus in the underworld, and la belle hélène, were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s. 	episode_done:True
text:gard is one of the original 83 departments created during the french revolution on march 4 , 1790 .	labels:Gard is one of the original 83 departments created during the french revolution on march 4, 1790. 	episode_done:True
text:almost all weapons , vehicles , and interactive objects can be placed and moved on maps with forge .	labels:Almost all weapons, vehicles, and interactive objects can be placed and moved on maps with forge. 	episode_done:True
text:proteus is very cratered , showing no sign of any geological modification .	labels:Proteus is very cratered, showing no sign of any geological modification. 	episode_done:True
text:plutoids ice dwarfs that have achieved hydrostatic equilibrium are plutoids .	labels:Plutoids ice dwarfs that have achieved hydrostatic equilibrium are plutoids. 	episode_done:True
text:kurt georg kiesinger -lrb- 6 april 1904 9 march 1988 -rrb- was a conservative german politician and chancellor of west germany from 1 december 1966 until 21 october 1969 .	labels:Kurt georg kiesinger -lrb- 6 april 1904 9 march 1988 -rrb- was a conservative german senator and chancellor of west germany from 1 december 1966 until 21 october 1969. 	episode_done:True
text:in the early 1970s , barry mazur considered generalizations of iwasawa theory to abelian varieties .	labels:In the early 1970s, barry mazur considered generalizations of iwasawa theory to abelian varieties. 	episode_done:True
text:it was designed to be easier to use than other 3d cad programs .	labels:It was designed to be easier to use than other 3d cad programs. 	episode_done:True
text:figaro then arrives and tries to initiate the beginning of the wedding festivities , but the count stops him and asks who wrote the anonymous note given to him by basilio .	labels:Figaro then arrives and tries to initiate the beginning of the wedding festivities, but the count stops him and asks who wrote the anonymous note given to him by basilio. 	episode_done:True
text:hydra appears to be spectrally neutral like charon and nix , though pluto is reddish .	labels:Hydra appears to be spectrally neutral like charon and nix, though pluto is reddish. 	episode_done:True
text:jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .	labels:Jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13, 1921 november 11, 1968 -rrb-, was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue. 	episode_done:True
text:introduction electrical energy conservation is an important element of energy policy .	labels:Introduction electrical energy conservation is an important element of energy policy. 	episode_done:True
text:mammals only a few species of wild land mammals are found in the faroe islands today , all introduced by humans .	labels:Mammals only a few species of wild land mammals are found in the faroe islands today, all introduced by humans. 	episode_done:True
text:orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .	labels:Orchestration stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913. 	episode_done:True
text:they are most often cyclonic , that is , associated with a localized low-pressure region within a severe thunderstorm .	labels:They are most often cyclonic associated with a localized low-pressure region within a severe thunderstorm. He/She/It/They/There is. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1975 these two districts were merged to form today 's district .	labels:In 1975 these two districts were merged to form today's district. 	episode_done:True
text:under the order , about 200 buses are available in san antonio and houston to help in evacuations .	labels:Under the order, about 200 buses are available in san antonio and houston to help in evacuations. 	episode_done:True
text:the static charges remain on an object until they either bleed off to ground or are quickly neutralized by a discharge .	labels:The static charges remain on an object until they either flowed off to ground or are quickly neutralized by a discharge. 	episode_done:True
text:ólafur 's second marriage was to israeli-born dorrit moussaieff , to whom he became engaged in may 2000 .	labels:Ólafur's second marriage was to israeli-born dorrit moussaieff, to whom he became engaged in may 2000. 	episode_done:True
text:for that year the festival was moved to other local venues but by the following year the hall had been rebuilt and once again it was opened by the queen , this time at the start of the 1970 festival .	labels:For that year the festival was moved to other local venues but by the following year the hall had been rebuilt and once again it was opened by the queen, this time at the start of the 1970 festival. 	episode_done:True
text:it has a depth of approximately 18 inches -lrb- 46 cm -rrb- on the sides and 30 inches -lrb- 76 cm -rrb- in the center .	labels:It has a depth of approximately 18 inches -lrb- 46 cm -rrb- on the sides and 30 inches -lrb- 76 cm -rrb- in the center. 	episode_done:True
text:platform game , or platformer , is a video game genre characterized by jumping to and from suspended platforms or over obstacles .	labels:Platform game, or platformer, is a video game genre characterized by jumping to and from suspended platforms or over obstacles. 	episode_done:True
text:this work was accomplished through the efforts of martin evans and oliver smithies working on the knockout mice .	labels:This work was accomplished through the efforts of martin evans and oliver smithies working on the knockout mice. 	episode_done:True
text:drammen is also the main harbor for car and fruit import in norway .	labels:Drammen is also the main harbor for car and fruit import in norway. 	episode_done:True
text:it is not actually a true louse .	labels:It is not actually a true louse. 	episode_done:True
text:some trails are designated as nature trails , and are used by people learning about the natural world .	labels:Some trails are designated as nature trails, and are used by people learning about the natural world. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .	labels:In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street. He/She/It/They/There it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets. 	episode_done:True
text:he was considered by many to be a saint .	labels:He was considered by many to be a saint. 	episode_done:True
text:scattered trees grow in some tundra .	labels:Scattered trees grow in some tundra. 	episode_done:True
text:fiorito originally produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia .	labels:Fiorito originally produced foot fetish videos. Soon moved on to coprophagia. 	episode_done:True
text:the city declined after the war and recovered its importance only in the nineteenth century , when it grew as an industrial center .	labels:The city declined after the war and recovered its importance only in the nineteenth century. He/She/It/They/There it grew as an industrial center. 	episode_done:True
text:most of the population were engaged in farming , dairy farming , or tanning .	labels:Most of the population were engaged in farming, dairy farming, or tanning. 	episode_done:True
text:the psychological state of sympathy is closely linked with that of compassion , empathy and empathic concern .	labels:The psychological state of sympathy is closely linked with that of compassion, empathy and empathic concern. 	episode_done:True
text:fire salamanders can have a very long lifespan .	labels:Fire salamanders can have a very long lifespan. 	episode_done:True
text:carpets , rugs , velvet , velour , and velveteen , are made by interlacing a secondary yarn through woven cloth , creating a nap or pile .	labels:Carpets, rugs, velvet, velour, and velveteen, are made by interlacing a secondary yarn through woven cloth, creating a rest or pile. 	episode_done:True
text:while smaller towns to the east , including gundowring and kergunyah , remained under threat , the cfa said that there was no immediate danger to the larger towns of beechworth and yackandandah on the northern fringe of the fire area .	labels:While smaller towns to the east, including gundowring and kergunyah, remained under threat, the cfa said that there was no immediate danger to the larger towns of beechworth and yackandandah on the northern border of the fire area. 	episode_done:True
text:annaser benghazi is a libyan football club based in benghazi , libya .	labels:Annaser benghazi is a libyan football club based in benghazi, libya. 	episode_done:True
text:she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on the public broadcasting service .	labels:She performed for president reagan in 1988's great performances at the white house series. He/She/It/They/There aired on the public broadcasting service. 	episode_done:True
text:it is the cover subject of the march 2009 edition of hot rod deluxe , a " retro " version of hot rod magazine .	labels:It is the cover subject of the march 2009 edition of hot rod deluxe, a `` retro `` version of hot rod magazine. 	episode_done:True
text:the white sox play in the american league 's central division .	labels:The white sox play in the american league's central division. 	episode_done:True
text:singles competition -lrb- 2002 – 2003 -rrb- after years in the tag team division , hardy took on the undertaker in a ladder match for the undisputed championship .	labels:Singles competition -lrb- 2002 – 2003 -rrb- after years in the tag team division, hardy took on the undertaker in a ladder match for the positive championship. 	episode_done:True
text:uses tar was also used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats .	labels:Uses tar was also used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats. 	episode_done:True
text:gomaespuma was a spanish radio show , hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .	labels:Gomaespuma was a spanish radio show, hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser. 	episode_done:True
text:young boys played against olympique marseille and lost 2-3 with 14,000 spectators watching .	labels:Young boys played against olympique marseille and lost 2-3 with 14,000 spectators watching. 	episode_done:True
text:furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .	labels:Furthermore, research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he. She knows, trusts, and / or cares about. 	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered by scott s. sheppard , et al .	labels:It was discovered by scott s. sheppard, et al. 	episode_done:True
text:her due release date , with remissions , is currently 12 april 2024 .	labels:Her due release date, with remissions, is currently 12 april 2024. 	episode_done:True
text:in common with the beatles , they came from liverpool and were managed by brian epstein .	labels:In common with the beatles, they came from liverpool and were managed by brian epstein. 	episode_done:True
text:the explorer francisco hernández wrote that chocolate beverages helped treat fever and liver disease .	labels:The explorer francisco hernández wrote that chocolate beverages helped treat fever and liver disease. 	episode_done:True
text:nevertheless , the raja has equal status with the other rulers and is one of the electors who designate one of their number as the yang di-pertuan agong every five years .	labels:Nevertheless, the raja has equal status with the other rulers and is one of the electors who assign one of their number as the yang di-pertuan agong every five years. 	episode_done:True
text:the following two years , the raiders again won western division titles , only to lose the afl championship to the eventual super bowl winners — the new york jets -lrb- 1968 -rrb- and kansas city chiefs -lrb- 1969 -rrb- .	labels:The following two years, the raiders again won western division titles, only to lose the afl championship to the subsequent super bowl winners — the new york jets -lrb- 1968 -rrb- and kansas city chiefs -lrb- 1969 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:it consisted of the american , british , and french occupation sectors established in 1945 .	labels:It consisted of the american, british, and french occupation sectors established in 1945. 	episode_done:True
text:it consists of the red cross of saint george -lrb- patron saint of england -rrb- , edged in white , superimposed on the cross of st patrick -lrb- patron saint of ireland -rrb- , which are superimposed on the saltire of saint andrew -lrb- patron saint of scotland -rrb- .	labels:It consists of the red cross of saint george -lrb- patron saint of england -rrb-, edged in white, superimposed on the cross of st patrick -lrb- patron saint of ireland -rrb- He/She/It/They/There are superimposed on the saltire of saint andrew -lrb- patron saint of scotland -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:first fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which sailed from great britain on 13 may 1787 with about 1,487 people to establish the first european colony in new south wales .	labels:First fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which sailed from great britain on 13 may 1787 with about 1,487 people to establish the first european colony in new south wales. 	episode_done:True
text:the mountain range forms the border between both countries for 150 kilometers , extending from the western border of saxony to the elbe river .	labels:The mountain range forms the border between both countries for 150 kilometers, extending from the western border of saxony to the elbe river. 	episode_done:True
text:therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .	labels:Therefore, these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images. 	episode_done:True
text:the sahara pump theory is a hypothesis that explains how flora and fauna left africa to penetrate the middle east and then europe and asia .	labels:The sahara pump theory is a hypothesis that explains how flora and fauna left africa to penetrate the middle east and then europe and asia. 	episode_done:True
text:boorowa is a farming town in new south wales , australia .	labels:Boorowa is a farming town in new south wales, australia. 	episode_done:True
text:ecw background after world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- bought all of extreme championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb- 's assets in 2003 , the company began releasing dvds promoting the original ecw .	labels:Ecw background after world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- bought all of extreme championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb-'s assets in 2003, the company began releasing dvds promoting the original ecw. 	episode_done:True
text:it is not known how much , if any , of this story is true , but historians do know that china was the first civilization to use silk .	labels:It is not known how much, if any, of this story is true. Historians do know that china was the first civilization to use silk. 	episode_done:True
text:louis xiii -lrb- 27 september 1601 – 14 may 1643 -rrb- reigned as king of france and navarre from 1610 to 1643 .	labels:Louis xiii -lrb- 27 september 1601 – 14 may 1643 -rrb- reigned as king of france and navarre from 1610 to 1643. 	episode_done:True
text:definition overview the key idea behind a reed – solomon code is that the data encoded is first visualized as a polynomial .	labels:Definition overview the key idea behind a reed – solomon code is that the data encoded is first visualized as a polynomial. 	episode_done:True
text:2002 2003 seasons warner began the 2002 season 0 3 as a starter , throwing seven interceptions against only one touchdown .	labels:2002 2003 seasons warner began the 2002 season 0 3 as a starter, throwing seven interceptions against only one touchdown. 	episode_done:True
text:manchester became the first city in the uk to acquire a modern light rail tram system when the manchester metrolink opened in 1992 .	labels:Manchester became the first city in the uk to acquire a modern light rail tram system when the manchester metrolink opened in 1992. 	episode_done:True
text:another 11 performances were presented after that .	labels:Another 11 performances were presented after that. 	episode_done:True
text:iero uses the project as a way to vent about the way he sees the worldartist info - leathermouth epitaph.com.	labels:Iero uses the project as a way to air about the way he sees the worldartist info - leathermouth epitaph.com. 	episode_done:True
text:tdl group announced in march 2006 , in response to a request by chief of the defence staff , general rick hillier , its commitment to open a franchised location at the canadian forces operations base in kandahar , afghanistan .	labels:Tdl group announced in march 2006, in response to a request by chief of the defence staff, general rick hillier, its commitment to open a franchised location at the canadian forces operations base in kandahar, afghanistan. 	episode_done:True
text:the females have the unique ability to delay birth of their baby until their previous joey has left the pouch .	labels:The females have the unique ability to delay birth of their baby until their previous joey has left the pouch. 	episode_done:True
text:seventh son -lrb- 1987 -rrb- is an alternate history / fantasy novel by orson scott card .	labels:Seventh son -lrb- 1987 -rrb- is an alternate history / fantasy novel by orson scott card. 	episode_done:True
text:he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .	labels:He won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote. 	episode_done:True
text:he became the head of the ancient church of the east in october 1968 and relocated to baghdad .	labels:He became the head of the ancient church of the east in october 1968 and relocated to baghdad. 	episode_done:True
text:undated the first settlement is made in the area of what is now louisville , kentucky by 13 families under colonel george rogers clark .	labels:Undated the first settlement is made in the area of what is now louisville, kentucky by 13 families under colonel george rogers clark. 	episode_done:True
text:in the early afternoon around 1:00 , the crowd broke into the undefended outer courtyard and the chains on the drawbridge to the inner courtyard were cut .	labels:In the early afternoon around 1:00, the crowd broke into the undefended outer yard and the chains on the drawbridge to the inner yard were cut. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1919 , all of the major pro-independence factions formed the provisional government in shanghai .	labels:In 1919, all of the major pro-independence factions formed the provisional government in shanghai. 	episode_done:True
text:geography the caucasus mountains are generally perceived to be a dividing line between asia and europe , and territories in caucasia are alternately considered to be in one or both continents .	labels:Geography the caucasus mountains are generally perceived to be a dividing line between asia and europe, and territories in caucasia are alternately considered to be in one or both continents. 	episode_done:True
text:vedic soma in the vedas , soma is portrayed as sacred and as a god -lrb- deva -rrb- .	labels:Vedic soma in the vedas, soma is portrayed as sacred and as a god -lrb- deva -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .	labels:The singles from the album included `` by the way ``, `` the zephyr song ``, `` ca n't stop ``, `` dosed `` and `` everywhere speaking ``. 	episode_done:True
text:twin cities and consulates manchester has formal twinning arrangements -lrb- or " friendship agreements " -rrb- with several places .	labels:Twin cities and consulates manchester has formal twinning arrangements -lrb- or `` friendship agreements `` -rrb- with several places. 	episode_done:True
text:the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .	labels:The apostolic tradition, attributed to the theologian hippolytus, attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts. 	episode_done:True
text:above the boxes , la scala has always had a gallery where the less wealthy can watch the performances .	labels:Above the boxes, la scala has always had a gallery where the less rich can watch the performances. 	episode_done:True
text:a doll is an object that represents a baby or other human being .	labels:A doll is an object that represents a baby or other human being. 	episode_done:True
text:he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .	labels:He toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union, with concerts in moscow and leningrad, and toured with the ipo again in 1994, performing in china and india. 	episode_done:True
text:the larger islands have some fertile valleys and plains .	labels:The larger islands have some fertile valleys and plains. 	episode_done:True
text:these eid prayers are supposed to be offered in large groups , and so larger mosques will normally host them for their congregants as well as the congregants of smaller local mosques .	labels:These eid prayers are supposed to be offered in large groups, and so larger mosques will normally host them for their congregants as well as the congregants of smaller local mosques. 	episode_done:True
text:she is an acclaimed interpreter of the works of mozart , beethoven , schubert , chopin , debussy and schoenberg .	labels:She is an acclaimed interpreter of the works of mozart, beethoven, schubert, chopin, debussy and schoenberg. 	episode_done:True
text:following the december 2007 decision by landlords , the vale of glamorgan council to terminate the £ 65,000 funding of the barry island railway , the society struggled to maintain a service .	labels:Following the december 2007 decision by landlords, the vale of glamorgan council to end the £ 65,000 funding of the barry island railway, the society struggled to maintain a service. 	episode_done:True
text:after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .	labels:After the jerilderie raid, the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture. 	episode_done:True
text:artifacts at the museum include military aircraft : a sopwith triplane from the first world war and an avro lancaster from the second world war .	labels:Artifacts at the museum include military aircraft: a sopwith triplane from the first world war and an avro lancaster from the second world war. 	episode_done:True
text:the municipality has about 5700 inhabitants .	labels:The municipality has about 5700 inhabitants. 	episode_done:True
text:a variation of the mai style of japanese dance is the kyomai or kyoto style dance .	labels:A variation of the mai style of japanese dance is the kyomai or kyoto style dance. 	episode_done:True
text:a road movie set across canada , its tagline was they came .	labels:A road movie set across canada, its tagline was they came. 	episode_done:True
text:in the united states antidepressants and tranquilizers are now the top selling class of prescription drugs , and neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs also rank near the top , all with expanding sales .	labels:In the united states antidepressants. Tranquilizers are now the top selling class of prescription drugs, and neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs also rank near the top, all with expanding sales. 	episode_done:True
text:in addition there are 10 ground-level stations and four above ground .	labels:In addition there are 10 ground-level stations and four above ground. 	episode_done:True
text:this can be mitigated by using multiple kerberos servers and fallback authentication mechanisms .	labels:This can be mitigated by using multiple kerberos servers and fallback authentication mechanisms. 	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created on june 12 1994 by merging the previous districts pasewalk , ueckermünde and part of the district strasburg .	labels:History the district was created on june 12 1994 by merging the previous districts pasewalk, ueckermünde and part of the district strasburg. 	episode_done:True
text:the rotation period could not be estimated conclusively -lrb- best fit ~ 4 h -rrb- .	labels:The rotation period could not be estimated conclusively -lrb- best fit ~ 4 h -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .	labels:Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, switzerland. 	episode_done:True
text:disputes between european and chinese miners flared into brawls at daylesford and castlemaine .	labels:Disputes between european and chinese miners flared into brawls at daylesford and castlemaine. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1997 ignacio ramonet , editor of le monde diplomatique , renewed the debate around the tobin tax with an editorial titled " disarming the markets " .	labels:In 1997 ignacio ramonet, editor of le monde diplomatique, renewed the debate around the tobin tax with an editorial titled `` disarming the markets ``. 	episode_done:True
text:in computing , kivio is free diagramming software that is part of koffice , an integrated office suite for kde .	labels:In computing, kivio is free diagramming software that is part of koffice, an integrated office suite for kde. 	episode_done:True
text:mørk holds a professorship at the norwegian academy of music , oslo .	labels:Mørk holds a professorship at the norwegian academy of music, oslo. 	episode_done:True
text:because of the lack of physical characteristics supporting this group , it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized is subject to enlargement .	labels:Because of the lack of physical characteristics supporting this group, it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized is subject to enlargement. 	episode_done:True
text:the valleys of the waimea river and its tributary , the makaweli river , were once heavily populated .	labels:The valleys of the waimea river and its branch, the makaweli river, were once heavily populated. 	episode_done:True
text:the film employs make-up , puppetry , and cgi effects to create its creatures .	labels:The film employs make-up, puppetry, and cgi effects to create its creatures. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1847 parts of caldwell county , iredell county , and wilkes county were combined to form alexander county .	labels:In 1847 parts of caldwell county, iredell county, and wilkes county were combined to form alexander county. 	episode_done:True
text:due to the lack of major effects from hurricane cindy , the name was not retired by the world meteorological organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season .	labels:Due to the lack of major effects from hurricane cindy, the name was not retired by the world meteorological organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season. 	episode_done:True
text:fellow automotive customizer darryl starbird purchased the vehicle from roth in 1967 for us $ 750.00 .	labels:Fellow automotive customizer darryl starbird purchased the vehicle from roth in 1967 for us $ 750.00. 	episode_done:True
text:the japanese clouded salamander -lrb- hynobius nebulosus -rrb- is a species of salamander in the hynobiidae family .	labels:The japanese clouded salamander -lrb- hynobius nebulosus -rrb- is a species of salamander in the hynobiidae family. 	episode_done:True
text:much of the province lies in the plain of the arno river and has thus become an exurban sprawl around the city of florence .	labels:Much of the province lies in the plain of the arno river and has thus become an exurban sprawl around the city of florence. 	episode_done:True
text:he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .	labels:He is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip, illinois. 	episode_done:True
text:the new government in 1816 created the districts steinfurt and tecklenburg .	labels:The new government in 1816 created the districts steinfurt and tecklenburg. 	episode_done:True
text:justification is seen by protestants as being the theological fault line that divided roman catholic from protestant during the reformationfor example , kurt aland , a history of christianity , vol .	labels:Justification is seen by protestants as being the theological fault line that divided roman catholic from protestant during the reformationfor example, kurt aland, a history of christianity, vol. 	episode_done:True
text:the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .	labels:The quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964. 	episode_done:True
text:his decision to cut the bridges on the han river prevented thousands of citizens from escaping communist rule .	labels:His decision to cut the bridges on the han river prevented thousands of citizens from escaping communist rule. 	episode_done:True
text:what the spaniards then called " chocolatl " was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .	labels:What the spaniards then called `` chocolatl `` was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold. 	episode_done:True
text:cricket pitches the chain also survives as the length of a cricket pitch .	labels:Cricket pitches the chain also survives as the length of a cricket pitch. 	episode_done:True
text:development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .	labels:Development stable releases are rare, but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use. 	episode_done:True
text:the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .	labels:The same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials. 	episode_done:True
text:many women begin their careers in adulthood .	labels:Many women begin their careers in adulthood. 	episode_done:True
text:mostly found in andhra pradesh also in orissa , tamil nadu and karnataka .	labels:Mostly found in andhra pradesh also in orissa, tamil nadu and karnataka. 	episode_done:True
text:events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .	labels:Events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb-: olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle. 	episode_done:True
text:this belief most likely stemmed from the fact that it is possible to have the furby say certain pre-programmed words or phrases more often by petting it whenever it said these words .	labels:This belief most likely stemmed from the fact that it is possible to have the furby say certain pre-programmed words or phrases more often by petting it whenever it said these words. 	episode_done:True
text:the yellow disc represents the island 's history in phosphate mining .	labels:The yellow disc represents the island's history in phosphate mining. 	episode_done:True
text:the season was officially canceled on february 16 , 2005 due to an unresolved lockout that began on september 16 , 2004 .	labels:The season was officially canceled on february 16, 2005 due to an unresolved lockout that began on september 16, 2004. 	episode_done:True
text:on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .	labels:On june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a long shootout in frankfurt. 	episode_done:True
text:there are numerous legends about the origins of boxing in greece .	labels:There are numerous legends about the origins of boxing in greece. 	episode_done:True
text:initially elastic sweatbands were issued to each street crime unit member , based on the chosen color of the day : beginning the use of the color of the day recognition system .	labels:Initially elastic sweatbands were issued to each street crime unit member, based on the chosen color of the day: beginning the use of the color of the day recognition system. 	episode_done:True
text:a cocktail is a style of mixed drink .	labels:A cocktail is a style of mixed drink. 	episode_done:True
text:andrew " andy " murray -lrb- born 15 may 1987 -rrb- is a scottish professional tennis player .	labels:Andrew `` andy `` murray -lrb- born 15 may 1987 -rrb- is a scottish professional tennis player. 	episode_done:True
text:he was offered a fulbright scholarship in 1965 to study in the united states .	labels:He was offered a fulbright scholarship in 1965 to study in the united states. 	episode_done:True
text:the movie and subsequent additions to the franchise .	labels:The movie and subsequent additions to the franchise. 	episode_done:True
text:soon after , he released a cover version of leo sayer 's when i need you as a single , which reached number 5 in the british charts , as well as a follow up single called no matter what i do , which reached number 23 .	labels:Soon after, he released a cover version of leo sayer's when i need you as a single as well as a follow up single called no matter what i do, which reached number 23. He/She/It/They/There reached number 5 in the british charts. 	episode_done:True
text:the driver later claimed that the train dispatcher had signalled him with a green light using his hand lamp .	labels:The driver later claimed that the train dispatcher had signalled him with a green light using his hand lamp. 	episode_done:True
text:today nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .	labels:Today nrc is organised as an independent, private foundation. 	episode_done:True
text:after he explored this region in 1614 , dutch fur traders sailed up the connecticut river -lrb- then known by the dutch as versche rivier - " fresh river " -rrb- and built a fort at dutch point near present-day hartford , which they called " house of hope " .	labels:After he explored this region in 1614, dutch fur traders sailed up the connecticut river -lrb- then known by the dutch as versche rivier - `` fresh river `` -rrb- and built a fort at dutch point near present-day hartford. He/She/It/They/There they called `` house of hope ``. 	episode_done:True
text:by september 1 a cyclonic circulation with a diameter of 690 mile -lrb- 1115 km -rrb- was evident on satellite imagery , well to the southeast of the cape verde islands , and several hurricane forecast models anticipated development and strengthening .	labels:By september 1 a cyclonic circulation with a diameter of 690 mile -lrb- 1115 km -rrb- was evident on satellite imagery, well to the southeast of the cape verde islands, and several hurricane forecast models anticipated development and strengthening. 	episode_done:True
text:this book by itself is out of print having been published along with nine short stories in the collection the worthing saga -lrb- 1990 -rrb- .	labels:This book by itself is out of print having been published along with nine short stories in the collection the worthing narrative -lrb- 1990 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:at that time , the area contained the greta swamp , which was later drained .	labels:At that time, the area contained the greta swamp. He/She/It/They/There was later drained. 	episode_done:True
text:loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .	labels:Loèche harbours the installations of onyx, the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering. 	episode_done:True
text:lenzburg transformed into the economic centre of the region in the 19th century .	labels:Lenzburg transformed into the economic centre of the region in the 19th century. 	episode_done:True
text:eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .	labels:Eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning `` the place where the sand washes down the hill ``. 	episode_done:True
text:moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .	labels:Moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia. 	episode_done:True
text:a new frontal ridge had formed on august 17 which caused the storm to drift in a westerly direction .	labels:A new frontal ridge had formed on august 17 which caused the storm to float in a westerly direction. 	episode_done:True
text:he commanded the 25th punjabis in india and hong kong and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1910 .	labels:He commanded the 25th punjabis in india and hong kong and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1910. 	episode_done:True
text:the book , political economy , was published in 1985 , but had limited classroom adoption .	labels:The book, political economy, was published in 1985, but had limited classroom adoption. 	episode_done:True
text:they manifest with either neurological complications or with skin problems -lrb- or occasionally both -rrb- .	labels:They reveal with either neurological complications or with skin problems -lrb- or occasionally both -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:her parents moved from gomel , belarus after the chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 affected the region .	labels:Her parents moved from gomel, belarus after the chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 affected the region. 	episode_done:True
text:in the 11th and 12th century soest grew considerably , making it one of the biggest towns in westphalia with some 10,000 citizens .	labels:In the 11th and 12th century soest grew greatly, making it one of the biggest towns in westphalia with some 10,000 citizens. 	episode_done:True
text:n-dubz are a mobo award winning hip hop group from london , based around camden town .	labels:N-Dubz are a mobo award winning hip hop group from london, based around camden town. 	episode_done:True
text:the secretary of state for culture , media and sport is a united kingdom cabinet position with responsibility for the department for culture , media and sport .	labels:The secretary of state for culture, media. Sport is a united kingdom cabinet position with responsibility for the department for culture, media and sport. 	episode_done:True
text:the picturesque city remains an important cultural centre , especially for humanist disciplines .	labels:The pretty city remains an important cultural centre, especially for humanist disciplines. 	episode_done:True
text:wilson settled in the district in late 1836 with his wife and family .	labels:Wilson settled in the district in late 1836 with his wife and family. 	episode_done:True
text:his travel writings and his extensive diaries and correspondence have also been published .	labels:His travel writings and his extensive diaries. Correspondence have also been published. 	episode_done:True
text:hertzprung-russell diagrams are not pictures or maps of the locations of the stars .	labels:Hertzprung-Russell diagrams are not pictures or maps of the locations of the stars. 	episode_done:True
text:she first rose to prominence as an academic , barrister , campaigner and member of the irish senate -lrb- 1969 – 1989 -rrb- .	labels:She first rose to prominence as an academic, lawyer, advocate and member of the irish senate -lrb- 1969 – 1989 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:a choral scholar is a student either at a university or private school who receives a scholarship in exchange for singing in the school or university 's choir .	labels:A choral scholar is a student either at a university or private school who receives a scholarship in exchange for singing in the school or university's choir. 	episode_done:True
text:with exceptions , the fatimids were reputed to exercise a degree of religious tolerance towards non-ismaili sects of islam as well as towards jews , maltese christians and coptic christians .	labels:With exceptions, the fatimids were reputed to exercise a degree of religious tolerance towards non-ismaili sects of islam as well as towards jews, maltese christians and coptic christians. 	episode_done:True
text:the armies of the east india company were recruited primarily from muslims in the bengal presidency , which consisted of bengal , bihar and uttar pradesh , and high caste hindus recruited primarily from the rural plains of oudh .	labels:The armies of the east india company were recruited primarily from muslims in the bengal presidency bihar and uttar pradesh, and high group hindus recruited primarily from the rural plains of oudh. He/She/It/They/There consisted of bengal. 	episode_done:True
text:as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .	labels:As a result, although many mosques will not impose violations, both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines. 	episode_done:True
text:the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .	labels:The tarantula, the cheat character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength. 	episode_done:True
text:economy up to the 20th century nidwalden was dominated by agriculture .	labels:Economy up to the 20th century nidwalden was dominated by agriculture. 	episode_done:True
text:the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .	labels:The term `` protein `` itself was coined by berzelius, after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule. 	episode_done:True
text:reality television is a genre of television programming that presents purportedly unscripted dramatic or humorous situations , documents actual events , and usually features ordinary people instead of professional actors .	labels:Reality television is a genre of television programming that presents purportedly unscripted dramatic or humorous situations, documents actual events. Usually features ordinary people instead of professional actors. 	episode_done:True
text:consequently , he purposely filmed scenes with actors on the extreme edge of both sides so that they could only be shown in widescreen .	labels:Consequently, he just filmed scenes with actors on the extreme edge of both sides so that they could only be shown in widescreen. 	episode_done:True
text:key factors in an rtos are therefore a minimal interrupt latency and a minimal thread switching latency .	labels:Key factors in an rtos are therefore a minimal interrupt latency and a minimal thread switching latency. 	episode_done:True
text:the spanish did not manage to conquer the island until 1697 , after several attempts , that begun in 1629 , when they marched in , from corozal in belize , yucatán and alta verapaz , attacked via boats and destroyed it .	labels:The spanish did not manage to own the island until 1697, after several attempts, that begun in 1629 from corozal in belize, yucatán and alta verapaz, attacked via boats and destroyed it. He/She/It/They/There they marched in. 	episode_done:True
text:in addition , the station provides live coverage of the non-final rounds of the other grand slam tournaments .	labels:In addition, the station provides live coverage of the non-final rounds of the other grand slam tournaments. 	episode_done:True
text:his collaborators have spanned a wide range of musical styles and talents ; among them are joshua bell , yo-yo ma , béla fleck , sam bush , james taylor , chris thile , mike marshall , mark o ' connor , alison krauss , mary chapin carpenter , and the trio nickel creek .	labels:His collaborators have spanned a wide range of musical styles and talents; among them are joshua bell, yo-yo ma, béla spot, sam bush, james taylor, chris thile, mike marshall, mark o ' connor, alison krauss, mary chapin carpenter, and the trio nickel creek. 	episode_done:True
text:the direct evidence suggests there was a migration of h. erectus out of africa , then a further speciation of h. sapiens from h. erectus in africa .	labels:The direct evidence suggests there was a migration of h. erectus out of africa, then a further speciation of h. sapiens from h. erectus in africa. 	episode_done:True
text:they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .	labels:They are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology, molecular biology, and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell. 	episode_done:True
text:however , the document is cherubino 's appointment to the army .	labels:However, the document is cherubino's appointment to the army. 	episode_done:True
text:it took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from north sydney to the batteries .	labels:It took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from north sydney to the batteries. 	episode_done:True
text:the lonely mountain jar inscription , the first published tengwar sample , dates to 1937 -lrb- the hobbit , most editions -rrb- .	labels:The lonely mountain jar words, the first published tengwar sample, dates to 1937 -lrb- the hobbit, most editions -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:on 8 november 1917 , lenin was elected the chairman of the council of people 's commissars by the russian congress of soviets .	labels:On 8 november 1917, lenin was elected the chairman of the council of people's commissars by the russian congress of soviets. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1939 , singer marian anderson was denied permission to perform in the constitution hall in washington , because of her race .	labels:In 1939, singer marian anderson was denied permission to perform in the constitution hall in washington, because of her race. 	episode_done:True
text:it was a deliberate pursuit of simplicity and economy for the disney studio , and is now generally regarded as a classic of animation .	labels:It was a deliberate pursuit of simplicity and economy for the disney studio, and is now generally regarded as a classic of animation. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1843 , john couch adams calculated the orbit of a hypothesized eighth planet that would account for uranus 's motion .	labels:In 1843, john couch adams calculated the orbit of a hypothesized eighth planet that would account for uranus's motion. 	episode_done:True
text:it grows to up to 20 m , although it is typically more stunted in its native environment .	labels:It grows to up to 20 m, although it is typically more baby in its native environment. 	episode_done:True
text:since then , documentation of saffron 's use over the span of 4,000 years in the treatment of some 90 illnesses has been uncovered .	labels:Since then, documentation of saffron's use over the span of 4,000 years in the treatment of some 90 illnesses has been uncovered. 	episode_done:True
text:when animals or people freerun , experiments can be done to see what sort of signals , known as zeitgeber , are effective in entrainment .	labels:When animals. People freerun, experiments can be done to see what sort of signals, known as zeitgeber, are effective in entrainment. 	episode_done:True
text:the double standard view is the official position of the roman catholic church .	labels:The double standard view is the official position of the roman catholic church. 	episode_done:True
text:it peaked at # 3 in the uk singles chart .	labels:It peaked at # 3 in the uk singles chart. 	episode_done:True
text:the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop .	labels:The capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop. 	episode_done:True
text:etymology tirunelveli is also called nellai .	labels:Etymology tirunelveli is also called nellai. 	episode_done:True
text:in india , it is more often called the chaldean syrian church .	labels:In india, it is more often called the chaldean syrian church. 	episode_done:True
text:it is generally perceived as upscale and more sophisticated than lad mags , such as maxim or fhm .	labels:It is generally perceived as expensive and more sophisticated than lad mags, such as saying or fhm. 	episode_done:True
text:nevin returned to america in 1887 , and took up his residence in boston , where he taught and played at occasional concerts .	labels:Nevin returned to america in 1887, and took up his residence in boston. He/She/It/They/There he taught and played at occasional concerts. 	episode_done:True
text:an oratorio is a large musical composition including an orchestra , a choir , and soloists .	labels:An oratorio is a large musical composition including an orchestra, a choir, and soloists. 	episode_done:True
text:microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	labels:Microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package. 	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered in 1949 by walter baade .	labels:It was discovered in 1949 by walter baade. 	episode_done:True
text:brantridge park , balcombe , west sussex , england is one of the lesser royal residences .	labels:Brantridge park, balcombe, west sussex, england is one of the lesser royal residences. 	episode_done:True
text:in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .	labels:In 2005, meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition. 	episode_done:True
text:the minute south china sea islands , collectively an archipelago , number in the hundreds .	labels:The minute south china sea islands, collectively an archipelago, number in the hundreds. 	episode_done:True
text:french troops land at kilcummin in county mayo to assist the irish rebellion .	labels:French troops land at kilcummin in county mayo to assist the irish rising. 	episode_done:True
text:spider kiss -lrb- originally entitled rockabilly -rrb- is a 1961 novel by author harlan ellison .	labels:Spider kiss -lrb- originally entitled rockabilly -rrb- is a 1961 novel by author harlan ellison. 	episode_done:True
text:at the 2008 cannes film festival , alain siritzky announced that a worldwide search was underway for a new emmanuelle to star in a new series of films .	labels:At the 2008 cannes film festival, alain siritzky announced that a worldwide search was underway for a new emmanuelle to star in a new series of films. 	episode_done:True
text:it was to serve as an international auxiliary language , that is , as a universal second language , not to replace ethnic languages .	labels:It was to serve as an international auxiliary language as a universal second language, not to replace ethnic languages. He/She/It/They/There is. 	episode_done:True
text:a parallel to tributaries is the distributary , a river that branches off of and flows away from the main stream .	labels:A parallel to tributaries is the distributary, a river that branches off of and flows away from the main stream. 	episode_done:True
text:the orchestra is associated with the triennial gustav mahler conducting prize .	labels:The orchestra is associated with the triennial gustav mahler conducting prize. 	episode_done:True
text:it is the central datum point for measuring distances from london .	labels:It is the central datum point for measuring distances from london. 	episode_done:True
text:in addition to selling conventional merchandise , j. c. penney stores often house several leased departments such as sephora , optical , portrait studios , jewelry & watch repair , etc .	labels:In addition to selling conventional merchandise, j. c. penney stores often house several leased departments such as sephora, optical, portrait studios, jewelry & watch repair, etc. 	episode_done:True
text:medieval philosophy in medieval europe , dialectics -lrb- also called logic -rrb- was one of the three original liberal arts collectively known as the trivium -lrb- the others were rhetoric and grammar -rrb- .	labels:Medieval philosophy in medieval europe, dialectics -lrb- also called logic -rrb- was one of the three original liberal arts collectively known as the trivium -lrb- the others were rhetoric and grammar -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:there are fewer western expatriates than in the larger centers of abu dhabi and dubai .	labels:There are fewer western expatriates than in the larger centers of abu dhabi and dubai. 	episode_done:True
text:these cone photoreceptors are sensitive to different portions of the visible spectrum .	labels:These cone photoreceptors are sensitive to different portions of the visible spectrum. 	episode_done:True
text:polydor records is a record label currently headquartered in the uk , and is a subsidiary of universal music group .	labels:Polydor records is a record label currently headquartered in the uk, and is a subsidiary of universal music group. 	episode_done:True
text:attahaddy benghazi is an libyan football club based in benghazi .	labels:Attahaddy benghazi is an libyan football club based in benghazi. 	episode_done:True
text:blood vessels and nerves enter the glands at the hilum and gradually branch out into the lobules .	labels:Blood vessels. Glands at the hilum and gradually branch. Into the lobules. 	episode_done:True
text:other generalizations of the main conjecture proved using the euler system method have been obtained by karl rubin , amongst others .	labels:Other generalizations of the main conjecture proved using the euler system method have been obtained by karl rubin, amongst others. 	episode_done:True
text:usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .	labels:Usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar. 	episode_done:True
text:he has also recorded five albums as a solo artist , debuting with leading off in 1994 .	labels:He has also recorded five albums as a solo artist, debuting with leading off in 1994. 	episode_done:True
text:they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .	labels:They are culturally related to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea. 	episode_done:True
text:out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .	labels:Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show. 	episode_done:True
text:others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .	labels:Others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as revenge for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union. 	episode_done:True
text:mattimeo is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1989 .	labels:Mattimeo is a fantasy novel by brian jacques, published in 1989. 	episode_done:True
text:towards the end of 1997 , each band member chose an individual number as their alias .	labels:Towards the end of 1997, each band member chose an individual number as their alias. 	episode_done:True
text:various objection were raised to this scheme , and the corporation refused to allow tram lines to be laid in the high street and above bar .	labels:Various beef were raised to this scheme, and the corporation refused to allow tram lines to be laid in the high street and above bar. 	episode_done:True
text:spandau was given city rights in 1232 .	labels:Spandau was given city rights in 1232. 	episode_done:True
text:reservoir dogs stars an ensemble cast with harvey keitel , steve buscemi , tim roth , michael madsen , quentin tarantino , chris penn and lawrence tierney .	labels:Reservoir dogs stars an ensemble cast with harvey keitel, steve buscemi, tim roth, michael madsen, quentin tarantino, chris penn and lawrence tierney. 	episode_done:True
text:memory locations can also be renamed , although it is not commonly done to the extent practised in register renaming .	labels:Memory locations can also be renamed, although it is not commonly done to the extent practised in register renaming. 	episode_done:True
text:trohman was a poor fit for the band in terms of familiarity with the music and in terms of stage presence .	labels:Trohman was a poor fit for the band in terms of ease with the music and in terms of stage presence. 	episode_done:True
text:after the band 's break-up in 2003 , weiland became the frontman of velvet revolver with former members of guns n ' roses .	labels:After the band's break-up in 2003, weiland became the frontman of velvet revolver with former members of guns n ' roses. 	episode_done:True
text:when wells are lost to pollution , there is no town water which can be brought in because the town government has no wells of its own .	labels:When wells are lost to pollution, there is no town water which can be brought in because the town government has no wells of its own. 	episode_done:True
text:under the ring name test , martin wrestled for world wrestling federation -lrb- later world wrestling entertainment -rrb- from 1998 – 2004 , and 2006 – 2007 .	labels:Under the ring name test, martin wrestled for world wrestling federation -lrb- later world wrestling entertainment -rrb- from 1998 – 2004, and 2006 – 2007. 	episode_done:True
text:this effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro dimensions .	labels:This effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro dimensions. 	episode_done:True
text:plessur is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .	labels:Plessur is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden, switzerland. 	episode_done:True
text:references external links discovery of companions to asteroids 762 pulcova and 90 antiope swri press release .	labels:References external links discovery of companions to asteroids 762 pulcova and 90 antiope swri press release. 	episode_done:True
text:they had extensive maritime trade contacts with the roman empire .	labels:They had extensive maritime trade contacts with the roman empire. 	episode_done:True
text:on 28 march 1941 , woolf committed suicide .	labels:On 28 march 1941, woolf committed suicide. 	episode_done:True
text:the arrival of the two mice raises her morale .	labels:The arrival of the two mice raises her spirit. 	episode_done:True
text:koop was a somewhat eccentric and flamboyant figure , well-known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties .	labels:Koop was a somewhat eccentric and flamboyant figure, well-known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties. 	episode_done:True
text:the songs are written by many different famous composer in hong kong , such as paul wong and eric kwok .	labels:The songs are written by many different famous composer in hong kong, such as paul wong and eric kwok. 	episode_done:True
text:the centrepiece is cathedral cave with the massive altar rock .	labels:The centrepiece is cathedral cave with the massive altar rock. 	episode_done:True
text:tropical storm arlene formed near honduras on june 8 and moved northwards .	labels:Tropical storm arlene formed near honduras on june 8 and moved northwards. 	episode_done:True
text:tobiko - flying fish roe , very crunchy , reddish orange in color .	labels:Tobiko - flying fish roe, very crunchy, reddish orange in color. 	episode_done:True
text:it is not clear whether it is only a transient clump of dust , or if there is a solid moonlet at its core .	labels:It is not clear whether it is only a transient clump of dust, or if there is a solid moonlet at its core. 	episode_done:True
text:most owners of zombie computers are unaware that their system is being used in this way .	labels:Most owners of zombie computers are unaware that their system is being used in this way. 	episode_done:True
text:this cemented public support for the gang especially in northeast victoria .	labels:This cemented public support for the gang especially in northeast victoria. 	episode_done:True
text:mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	labels:Mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and, as in spain, churros. 	episode_done:True
text:the festspielhaus also features a double proscenium , which gives the audience the illusion that the stage is further away than it actually is .	labels:The festspielhaus also features a double proscenium. He/She/It/They/There gives the audience the fantasy that the stage is further away than it actually is. 	episode_done:True
text:sea snakes occur mainly in the indian ocean and the southwest pacific .	labels:Sea snakes occur mainly in the indian ocean and the southwest pacific. 	episode_done:True
text:the blake river megacaldera complex is considered a supervolcano due to its great size and its multiple dikes and vents .	labels:The blake river megacaldera complex is considered a supervolcano due to its great size and its multiple dikes and vents. 	episode_done:True
text:after initially being posted to the 1st battalion , in march , 1916 he was transferred to the 53rd battalion , which was part of the 5th division , when the australian imperial force was reinforced with fresh recruits from australia .	labels:After initially being posted to the 1st unit, in march, 1916 he was transferred to the 53rd unit when the australian imperial force was reinforced with fresh recruits from australia. He/She/It/They/There was part of the 5th division. 	episode_done:True
text:the team was founded by alexander cartwright , considered one of the original developers of modern baseball .	labels:The team was founded by alexander cartwright, considered one of the original developers of modern baseball. 	episode_done:True
text:because the neck is not externally visible , the head and body appear to merge together .	labels:Because the neck is not externally visible, the head. Body appear to merge together. 	episode_done:True
text:it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .	labels:It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet. 	episode_done:True
text:he was initially offered a salary of $ 50,000 as well as a percentage of ownership of the company .	labels:He was initially offered a salary of $ 50,000 as well as a percentage of ownership of the company. 	episode_done:True
text:he even envisioned centralized air conditioning that could cool entire cities .	labels:He even envisioned centralized air conditioning that could cool entire cities. 	episode_done:True
text:she finally found him in a hospital bed in reggio emilia , ill with a fever and subsisting on a daily bowl of chicory coffee and bread crust .	labels:She finally found him in a hospital bed in reggio emilia, ill with a fever and subsisting on a daily bowl of chicory coffee and bread crust. 	episode_done:True
text:after the end of the fifth overtime period , managers conn smythe of the maple leafs and art ross of the bruins asked league president frank calder to suspend the game , but calder refused .	labels:After the end of the fifth overtime period, managers conn smythe of the maple leafs and art ross of the bruins asked league president frank calder to suspend the game. Calder refused. 	episode_done:True
text:several versions of the protocol exist ; versions 1 3 occurred only internally at mit .	labels:Several versions of the protocol exist; versions 1 3 occurred only internally at mit. 	episode_done:True
text:1263 - the chieftains of the eastern part of iceland become the last to pledge fealty to the norwegian king , bringing a more complete end to the icelandic commonwealth and the icelandic civil war .	labels:1263 - the chieftains of the eastern part of iceland become the last to pledge fealty to the norwegian king, bringing a more complete end to the icelandic commonwealth and the icelandic civil war. 	episode_done:True
text:their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .	labels:Their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris, and their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist. He/She/It/They/There was named after pierre curie. 	episode_done:True
text:92 1287 to 1298 emperor fushimi hirohito traditional dates .	labels:92 1287 to 1298 emperor fushimi hirohito traditional dates. 	episode_done:True
text:in his book " russia at war 1941 to 1945 " , alexander werth reported that while visiting gdansk / danzig in 1945 shortly after its liberation by the red army , he saw an experimental factory outside the city for making soap from human corpses .	labels:In his book `` russia at war 1941 to 1945 ``, alexander werth reported that while visiting gdansk / danzig in 1945 shortly after its independence by the red army, he saw an experimental factory outside the city for making soap from human corpses. 	episode_done:True
text:he was a leading figure in the german political party alliance ' 90 / the greens , and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in germany for most of the government 's duration .	labels:He was a leading figure in the german political party alliance ' 90 / the greens, and according to opinion polls, he was the most popular senator in germany for most of the government's duration. 	episode_done:True
text:he was an exceptionally active campaigner and critic in the crisis years in italy after the first world war and into the early years of fascist rule .	labels:He was an especially active advocate and observer in the crisis years in italy after the first world war and into the early years of fascist rule. 	episode_done:True
text:during the early 1960s , love first crossed paths with jim henson through don sahlin , who urged him to meet with henson .	labels:During the early 1960s, love first crossed paths with jim henson through don sahlin. He/She/It/They/There urged him to meet with henson. 	episode_done:True
text:the team relocated from houston to the state of tennessee in 1997 , first playing in memphis for one season before moving to nashville .	labels:The team relocated from houston to the state of tennessee in 1997, first playing in memphis for one season before moving to nashville. 	episode_done:True
text:the president pro tempore is third in the line of presidential succession , following the vice president and the speaker of the house .	labels:The president pro tempore is third in the line of presidential sequence, following the vice president and the speaker of the house. 	episode_done:True
text:the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .	labels:The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage. 	episode_done:True
text:asia the last western satrap , rudrasimha iii , is defeated by the guptas .	labels:Asia the last western satrap, rudrasimha iii, is defeated by the guptas. 	episode_done:True
text:the subunguis is the softer , flaky underside layer whose grain is parallel to the direction of growth .	labels:The subunguis is the softer, flaky underside layer whose grain is parallel to the direction of growth. 	episode_done:True
text:the name derives from the nahuatl word for the shrub , achiotl .	labels:The name derives from the nahuatl word for the bush, achiotl. 	episode_done:True
text:as iraq-kuwait relations rapidly deteriorated , saddam was receiving conflicting information about how the u.s. would respond to the prospects of an invasion .	labels:As iraq-kuwait relations rapidly deteriorated, saddam was receiving conflicting information about how the u.s. would respond to the prospects of an invasion. 	episode_done:True
text:primeval redwood forests , coastal mangrove stands , sphagnum bogs , desert soil crusts , roadside weed patches , wheat fields , cultivated gardens and lawns ; all are encompassed by the term vegetation .	labels:Primeval redwood forests, coastal mangrove stands, sphagnum bogs, desert soil crusts, roadside weed patches, wheat fields, cultivated gardens and lawns; all are encompassed by the term vegetation. 	episode_done:True
text:eleven departments and institutes focused on " stimulating global evangelism " with 25-40 staff , carry out the work .	labels:Eleven departments. Institutes focused on `` stimulating global evangelism `` with 25-40 staff, carry out the work. 	episode_done:True
text:a butler 's tray often has a gallery , or deeper surround , handles on the short sides to facilitate carrying -lrb- usually cut into the surround -rrb- , and a portable stand with folding legs .	labels:A butler's tray often has a gallery, or deeper surround, handles on the short sides to facilitate carrying -lrb- usually cut into the surround -rrb-, and a portable stand with folding legs. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1970 , eddy merckx rode himself to the brink of collapse while winning the stage .	labels:In 1970, eddy merckx rode himself to the edge of collapse while winning the stage. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1876 , the committee adopted the name " international committee of the red cross " -lrb- icrc -rrb- , which is still its official designation today .	labels:In 1876, the committee adopted the name `` international committee of the red cross `` -lrb- icrc -rrb- He/She/It/They/There is still its official designation today. 	episode_done:True
text:this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .	labels:This was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river, later sometimes called `` prussia proper ``. 	episode_done:True
text:in smithson 's will , he stated that should his nephew , henry james hungerford , die without heirs , the smithson estate would go to the government of the united states for creating an " establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men " .	labels:In smithson's will, he stated that should his nephew, henry james hungerford, die without heirs, the smithson estate would go to the government of the united states for creating an `` establishment for the increase & broadcast of knowledge among men ``. 	episode_done:True
text:bagnotar is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .	labels:Bagnotar is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan. 	episode_done:True
text:he is called saint james the greater to distinguish him from james , son of alphaeus , who is also known as james the less .	labels:He is called saint james the greater to detect him from james, son of alphaeus. He/She/It/They/There is also known as james the less. 	episode_done:True
text:of jewish heritage , he changed his surname to his paternal grandmother 's maiden name , waley , in 1914 .	labels:Of jewish heritage, he changed his surname to his paternal granny's maiden name, waley, in 1914. 	episode_done:True
text:genista juncea -rrb- , also known as weaver 's broom , is a perennial , leguminous shrub native to the mediterranean region in southern europe , southwest asia and northwest africa , where it is found in sunny sites , usually on dry , sandy soils .	labels:Genista juncea -rrb-, also known as weaver's broom, is a perennial, leguminous bush native to the mediterranean region in southern europe, southwest asia and northwest africa usually on dry, sandy soils. He/She/It/They/There it is found in sunny sites. 	episode_done:True
text:cocoa was an important commodity in pre-columbian mesoamerica .	labels:Cocoa was an important commodity in pre-columbian mesoamerica. 	episode_done:True
text:berlin and paris developed thriving émigré communities .	labels:Berlin. Paris developed thriving émigré communities. 	episode_done:True
text:occasionally , she starred in " maestro minnie " maestro minnie .	labels:Occasionally, she starred in `` maestro minnie `` maestro minnie. 	episode_done:True
text:this took the republic by surprise , especially because the spd was below 25 % in polls at the time .	labels:This took the republic by surprise, especially because the spd was below 25 % in polls at the time. 	episode_done:True
text:daniel waters also gained recognition for his screenplay , which won a 1990 edgar award .	labels:Daniel waters also gained recognition for his screenplay. He/She/It/They/There won a 1990 edgar award. 	episode_done:True
text:fontane 's first published work , the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- or " sibling love " -rrb- , appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839 .	labels:Fontane's first published work, the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- or `` sibling love `` -rrb-, appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839. 	episode_done:True
text:january 30 indian pacifist and leader mahatma gandhi is assassinated by nathuram godse .	labels:January 30 indian pacifist and leader mahatma gandhi is assassinated by nathuram godse. 	episode_done:True
text:this coincides well with the nara period -lrb- 710-794 -rrb- .	labels:This coincides well with the nara period -lrb- 710-794 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:rawalpindi is also the military headquarters of the pakistan armed forces and also served as the nation 's capital while islamabad was being constructed in the 1960s .	labels:Rawalpindi is also the military headquarters of the pakistan armed forces. Also served as the nation's capital while islamabad was being constructed in the 1960s. 	episode_done:True
text:brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .	labels:Brighton is a city in washington county, iowa, united states. 	episode_done:True
text:the term was retroactively coined in contrast to reduced instruction set computer -lrb- risc -rrb- .	labels:The term was retroactively coined in contrast to reduced instruction set computer -lrb- risc -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:r.m. urquhart , scottish civic heraldry , london , 1979 on the abolition of the district council in 1996 , the arms reverted to the crown .	labels:Urquhart, scottish civic heraldry, london, 1979 on the ending of the district council in 1996, the arms reverted to the crown. 	episode_done:True
text:taylor walks around the scene spectating without interacting with jordison or the females , there is a moment in which jordison is looking in a mirror and taylor suddenly appears .	labels:Taylor walks around the scene spectating without interacting with jordison or the females, there is a moment in which jordison is looking in a mirror and taylor suddenly appears. 	episode_done:True
text:chinchilla females are significantly bigger than males .	labels:Chinchilla females are significantly bigger than males. 	episode_done:True
text:afterwards , doctors performed various medical treatments if necessary .	labels:Afterwards, doctors performed various medical treatments if necessary. 	episode_done:True
text:in the past 20 years or so , many new anchor designs have appeared .	labels:In the past 20 years or so, many new anchor designs have appeared. 	episode_done:True
text:by early the next day , the remnants of gabrielle were absorbed by an approaching cold front .	labels:By early the next day, the remnants of gabrielle were absorbed by an approaching cold front. 	episode_done:True
text:in practice , however , the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature -lrb- black-body radiation -rrb- within which atomic clocks operate , and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second at a temperature of absolute zero .	labels:In practice, however, the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature -lrb- black-body radiation -rrb- within which atomic clocks operate, and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second at a temperature of absolute zero. 	episode_done:True
text:elliot goldenthal -lrb- born may 2 1954 -rrb- is an academy award and golden globe winning american composer of contemporary classical music .	labels:Elliot goldenthal -lrb- born may 2 1954 -rrb- is an academy award and golden globe winning american composer of contemporary classical music. 	episode_done:True
text:reznor later released the slip in 2008 for free download .	labels:Reznor later released the slip in 2008 for free download. 	episode_done:True
text:the author -lrb- s -rrb- and publisher -lrb- s -rrb- of the document do not by this license give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or imply endorsement of any modified version .	labels:The author -lrb- s -rrb- and publisher -lrb- s -rrb- of the document do not by this license give permission to use their names for publicity for or to declare or indirect endorsement of any modified version. 	episode_done:True
text:after a version of a software package has remained in unstable for a certain length of time -lrb- depending on the urgency of the software 's changes -rrb- , that package is automatically migrated to the testing distribution .	labels:After a version of a software package has remained in rocky for a certain length of time -lrb- depending on the necessity of the software's changes -rrb-, that package is automatically migrated to the testing distribution. 	episode_done:True
text:by the early 1880s the population was in decline .	labels:By the early 1880s the population was in decline. 	episode_done:True
text:this marked the beginning of the line of contact between soviet and american forces , but not the finalized occupation zones .	labels:This marked the beginning of the line of contact between soviet and american forces, but not the finalized occupation zones. 	episode_done:True
text:they were built mainly by nations like germany during world war ii to protect important industries from aerial bombardment .	labels:They were built mainly by nations like germany during world war ii to protect important industries from aerial attack. 	episode_done:True
text:indications approved indications for codeine include : cough , though its efficacy in low dose over the counter formulations has been disputed .	labels:Indications approved indications for codeine include: cough, though its power in low dose over the counter formulations has been disputed. 	episode_done:True
text:a bulldog , also known as british bulldog or english bulldog , is a breed of dog which traces its ancestry to england .	labels:A bulldog, also known as british bulldog or english bulldog, is a breed of dog which traces its line to england. 	episode_done:True
text:chlamydia is easily treated with antibiotics .	labels:Chlamydia is easily treated with antibiotics. 	episode_done:True
text:within a decade of its inception , a & m became the world 's largest independent record company .	labels:Within a decade of its beginning, a. M became the world's largest independent record company. 	episode_done:True
text:he was holidaying in germany the following summer when world war i broke out .	labels:He was holidaying in germany the following summer when world war i broke out. 	episode_done:True
text:economy the majority of the residents of marske do not work within the town , but work in nearby industry or in middlesbrough or redcar .	labels:Economy the majority of the residents of marske do not work within the town, but work in nearby industry or in middlesbrough or redcar. 	episode_done:True
text:to score consistent hits at medium or long range , players must aim using the iron sights on their guns .	labels:To score consistent hits at medium or long range, players must aim using the iron sights on their guns. 	episode_done:True
text:description anchovies are small green fish with blue reflections due to a silver longitudinal stripe that runs from the base of the caudal fin .	labels:Description anchovies are small green fish with blue reflections due to a silver longitudinal marking that runs from the base of the caudal fin. 	episode_done:True
text:among his published works were peace , a lyric poem -lrb- 1814 -rrb- ; resignation -lrb- 1817 -rrb- ; the triumph of christianity -lrb- 1819 -rrb- ; and the soldier 's friend -lrb- 1828 -rrb- .	labels:Among his published works were peace, a lyric poem -lrb- 1814 -rrb-; resignation -lrb- 1817 -rrb-; the triumph of christianity -lrb- 1819 -rrb-; and the soldier's friend -lrb- 1828 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:all the bats admire him , and he claims to have caught two tiger moths which are known by all the others in the colony to be an extraordinary achievement by such a young bat .	labels:All the bats fancy him. He claims to have caught two tiger moths which are known by all the others in the colony to be an extraordinary achievement by such a young bat. 	episode_done:True
text:males can weigh more than 20 kg and attain a head-body length of 90 cm .	labels:Males can weigh more than 20 kg and reach a head-body length of 90 cm. 	episode_done:True
text:howell county is a county located in south central missouri in the united states .	labels:Howell county is a county located in south central missouri in the united states. 	episode_done:True
text:following the murder of van gogh , tens of thousands gathered in the center of amsterdam to mourn van gogh 's death .	labels:Following the murder of van gogh, tens of thousands gathered in the center of amsterdam to mourn van gogh's death. 	episode_done:True
text:pittsburg is a city located in camp county , texas .	labels:Pittsburg is a city located in camp county, texas. 	episode_done:True
text:in biology and demography , fecundity is the potential reproductive capacity of an organism or population , measured by the number of gametes -lrb- eggs -rrb- , seed set or asexual propagules .	labels:In biology and demography, fecundity is the potential reproductive capacity of an body or population, measured by the number of gametes -lrb- eggs -rrb-, seed set or asexual propagules. 	episode_done:True
text:all of the office 95 products have ole 2 capacity — moving data automatically from various programs — and powerpoint 7 shows that it was contemporary with word 7 .	labels:All of the office 95 products have ole 2 capacity — moving data automatically from various programs — and powerpoint 7 shows that it was contemporary with word 7. 	episode_done:True
text:when the reichstag voted to repeal the budget , brüning had hindenburg dissolve the reichstag , just two years into its mandate , and reapprove the budget through the article 48 mechanism .	labels:When the reichstag voted to repeal the budget, brüning had hindenburg dissolve the reichstag, just two years into its mandate, and reapprove the budget through the article 48 mechanism. 	episode_done:True
text:watonga , kingfisher and geary were the hardest-hit communities , where many houses and buildings were inundated .	labels:Watonga, kingfisher and geary were the hardest-hit communities. He/She/It/They/There many houses. Buildings were inundated. 	episode_done:True
text:the premiere received a 2.79 rating , making it the highest rated show on cable in its time slot .	labels:The premiere received a 2.79 rating, making it the highest rated show on cable in its time slot. 	episode_done:True
text:the term is applied both to routine weather variations and to extraordinary spells of heat which may occur only once a century .	labels:The term is applied both to routine weather variations and to extraordinary spells of heat which may occur only once a century. 	episode_done:True
text:samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .	labels:Samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb-, p. 84 syrians did not group in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis. 	episode_done:True
text:helene was a long-lived cape verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the north atlantic ocean , peaking as a category 3 hurricane on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central atlantic .	labels:Helene was a long-lived cape verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the north atlantic ocean, peaking as a category 3 hurricane on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central atlantic. 	episode_done:True
text:the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .	labels:The international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion billed as the world's first mma league. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1887 , was reorganized into a stock company .	labels:In 1887, was reorganized into a stock company. 	episode_done:True
text:breaking dawn is the fourth and final novel in the twilight series by stephenie meyer .	labels:Breaking dawn is the fourth and final novel in the twilight series by stephenie meyer. 	episode_done:True
text:volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .	labels:Volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy. 	episode_done:True
text:it is situated in the southeastern part of the state , on the shore of a lake called the tollensesee -lrb- 18 km ² -rrb- .	labels:It is situated in the southeastern part of the state, on the shore of a lake called the tollensesee -lrb- 18 km ² -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the fert group first saw the large effect in multilayers that led to its naming , and first correctly explained the underlying physics .	labels:The fert group first saw the large effect in multilayers that led to its naming, and first correctly explained the underlying physics. 	episode_done:True
text:villeneuve-loubet is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in southeastern france .	labels:Villeneuve-Loubet is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in southeastern france. 	episode_done:True
text:even if a contribution violates the precise wording of a rule , it might still be a good contribution .	labels:Even if a contribution violates the precise words of a rule, it might still be a good contribution. 	episode_done:True
text:ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .	labels:Ned and dan advanced to the police camp, ordering them to sacrifice. 	episode_done:True
text:this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	labels:This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process, i.e. An enzyme, cell, cell receptor. Microorganism -rrb- by half. 	episode_done:True
text:to help ease the resumption of services after the storm passes , cn also issued an embargo with the association of american railroads against all deliveries to points south of osyka , mississippi .	labels:To help ease the renewal of services after the storm passes, cn also issued an embargo with the association of american railroads against all deliveries to points south of osyka, mississippi. 	episode_done:True
text:military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .	labels:Military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002. 	episode_done:True
text:hakob kojoyan assisted armenian architect alexander tamanian in creating the coat of arms for the democratic republic of armenia .	labels:Hakob kojoyan assisted armenian architect alexander tamanian in creating the coat of arms for the democratic republic of armenia. 	episode_done:True
text:the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .	labels:The latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like. 	episode_done:True
text:the nhl instituted the icing rule on march 13 , 1939 .	labels:The nhl instituted the icing rule on march 13, 1939. 	episode_done:True
text:in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .	labels:In the 5th century slavs started to move into the area. 	episode_done:True
text:the shaolin monastery or shaolin temple , is a chán buddhist temple at song shan near zhengzhou city henan province in dengfeng , china .	labels:The shaolin cell or shaolin temple, is a chán buddhist temple at song shan near zhengzhou city henan province in dengfeng, china. 	episode_done:True
text:before snow white , the disney studio had been primarily involved in the production of animated short subjects in the mickey mouse and silly symphonies series .	labels:Before snow white, the disney studio had been primarily involved in the production of animated short subjects in the mickey mouse and silly symphonies series. 	episode_done:True
text:tazz defeated al snow -lrb- 5:20 -rrb- tazz forced snow to submit with the tazzmission .	labels:Tazz defeated al snow -lrb- 5:20 -rrb- tazz forced snow to submit with the tazzmission. 	episode_done:True
text:admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .	labels:Admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive. 	episode_done:True
text:normally , a state delegation is headed by the respective minister-president .	labels:Normally, a state delegation is headed by the respective minister-president. 	episode_done:True
text:note that adrastea is now the name of another satellite of jupiter .	labels:Note that adrastea is now the name of another satellite of jupiter. 	episode_done:True
text:currently secretary of state for culture , media and sport and minister for the south west , he was one of the first openly gay mps .	labels:Currently secretary of state for culture, media and sport and minister for the south west, he was one of the first directly gay mps. 	episode_done:True
text:kievan rus ' ultimately disintegrated and the lands were divided into many small feudal states .	labels:Kievan rus ' ultimately disintegrated and the lands were divided into many small feudal states. 	episode_done:True
text:since it formed at 36 ° n , this system is the northernmost formation in the eastern north pacific basin .	labels:Since it formed at 36 ° n, this system is the northernmost formation in the eastern north pacific basin. 	episode_done:True
text:on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .	labels:On 16 june 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website. 	episode_done:True
text:fluctuations of this line horizon describe all matter , so every elementary particle can be described by a mode of oscillation of a very small segment or loop of string .	labels:Fluctuations of this line horizon describe all matter, so every elementary particle can be described by a mode of oscillation of a very small segment or loop of string. 	episode_done:True
text:on the january 16 episode of friday night smackdown , it was announced that swagger would defend the ecw title against hardy in a rematch at the royal rumble .	labels:On the january 16 episode of friday night smackdown, it was announced that show would defend the ecw title against hardy in a rematch at the royal rumble. 	episode_done:True
text:tarvos , or saturn xxi , is a prograde irregular satellite of saturn .	labels:Tarvos, or saturn xxi, is a prograde irregular satellite of saturn. 	episode_done:True
text:as the new millennium began , stallone starred in the thriller get carter — a remake of the 1971 british michael caine film of the same name — but the film was poorly received by both critics and audiences .	labels:As the new millennium began, stallone starred in the thriller get carter — a remake of the 1971 british michael caine film of the same name — but the film was badly received by both critics and audiences. 	episode_done:True
text:agriculture locals grow seasonal crops such as maize -lrb- makai -rrb- and wheat -lrb- kanak -rrb- .	labels:Agriculture locals grow seasonal crops such as maize -lrb- makai -rrb- and wheat -lrb- kanak -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:working extensively with the bbc , ross has presented the film programme since 1997 , his own chat show , friday night with jonathan ross since 2001 , and a radio show on bbc radio 2 beginning in 1999 .	labels:Working extensively with the bbc, ross has presented the film programme since 1997, his own chat show, friday night with jonathan ross since 2001, and a radio show on bbc radio 2 beginning in 1999. 	episode_done:True
text:upper body sleeveless shirt tank top , wife beater , singlet a sleeveless garment similar to a t-shirt .	labels:Upper body sleeveless shirt tank top, wife beater, singlet a sleeveless clothing similar to a t-shirt. 	episode_done:True
text:megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna known only from australian fossils that incorporates the oldest known echidna species .	labels:Megalibgwilia is a subdivision of echidna known only from australian fossils that incorporates the oldest known echidna species. 	episode_done:True
text:the extratropical remnants tracked up the east coast of the united states , and was absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone on june 5 .	labels:The extratropical remnants tracked up the east coast of the united states, and was absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone on june 5. 	episode_done:True
text:as of 2007 , a maximum of four players can be inducted in one year but the greatest number of players ever inducted in a year was 27 , in 1962 .	labels:As of 2007, a maximum of four players can be inducted in one year but the greatest number of players ever inducted in a year was 27, in 1962. 	episode_done:True
text:before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .	labels:Before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the `` midget-in-a-cake `` appearance had not been up to veeck's usual promotional standard. 	episode_done:True
text:he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales .	labels:He also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other curious yarns and seven strange and phantom tales. 	episode_done:True
text:power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a location where it is applied to performing useful work .	labels:Power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a location where it is applied to performing useful work. 	episode_done:True
text:coat of arms the coat of arms of the municipality are taken from the garbani , or garban family for its french and northern american branch , originating from the village and whose certain members illustrated themselves as magistrates and swiss statesmen .	labels:Coat of arms the coat of arms of the municipality are taken from the garbani, or garban family for its french and northern american branch, originating from the village and whose certain members illustrated themselves as magistrates and swiss statesmen. 	episode_done:True
text:rc4 was initially a trade secret , but in september 1994 a description of it was anonymously posted to the cypherpunks mailing list .	labels:Rc4 was initially a trade secret, but in september 1994 a description of it was anonymously posted to the cypherpunks mailing list. 	episode_done:True
text:source mage gnu / linux a source code-based distribution , descended from sorcerer .	labels:Source mage gnu / linux a source code-based distribution, descended from wizard. 	episode_done:True
text:alkaloids are produced by a large variety of organisms , including bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -lrb- also called secondary metabolites -rrb- .	labels:Alkaloids are produced by a large variety of organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals and are part of the group of natural products -lrb- also called secondary metabolites -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1998 , he performed opposite uma thurman in the off-broadway production of le misanthrope .	labels:In 1998, he performed opposite uma thurman in the off-broadway production of le misanthrope. 	episode_done:True
text:ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	labels:Ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july, 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership. 	episode_done:True
text:freetown is home to fourah bay college , the oldest university in west africa , founded in 1827 .	labels:Freetown is home to fourah bay college, the oldest university in west africa, founded in 1827. 	episode_done:True
text:the album is named after a song on the album ; a cover of the original by folk singer tom brosseau .	labels:The album is named after a song on the album; a cover of the original by folk singer tom brosseau. 	episode_done:True
text:an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from light is called a photoheterotroph , while an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from the oxidation of inorganic compounds is termed a chemoheterotroph .	labels:An body that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from light is called a photoheterotroph, while an body that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from the oxidation of inorganic compounds is termed a chemoheterotroph. 	episode_done:True
text:from 1948-52 , a series of guest conductors led the orchestra , including leonard bernstein and leopold stokowski .	labels:From 1948-52, a series of guest conductors led the orchestra, including leonard bernstein and leopold stokowski. 	episode_done:True
text:shadow of the hegemon -lrb- 2001 -rrb- is the second novel in the ender 's shadow series -lrb- often called the bean quartet -rrb- by orson scott card .	labels:Shadow of the hegemon -lrb- 2001 -rrb- is the second novel in the ender's shadow series -lrb- often called the bean quartet -rrb- by orson scott card. 	episode_done:True
text:another of groundwater 's short stories has been adapted into a live theater performance .	labels:Another of groundwater's short stories has been adapted into a live theater performance. 	episode_done:True
text:the proportion of c-types may actually be greater than this , because c-types are much darker than most other asteroid types except d-types and others common only at the extreme outer edge of the main belt .	labels:The proportion of c-types may actually be greater than this, because c-types are much darker than most other asteroid types except d-types and others common only at the extreme outer edge of the main belt. 	episode_done:True
text:compared with other species , human childbirth is dangerous .	labels:Compared with other species, human labour is dangerous. 	episode_done:True
text:on 22 september , french sudan proclaimed itself the republic of mali and withdrew from the french community .	labels:On 22 september, french sudan proclaimed itself the republic of mali and withdrew from the french community. 	episode_done:True
text:the eared seals or otariids are marine mammals in the family otariidae , one of three groupings of pinnipeds .	labels:The eared seals. Otariids are marine mammals in the family otariidae, one of three groupings of pinnipeds. 	episode_done:True
text:gorani avoids discussing her political and religious views , citing the need for professional neutrality .	labels:Gorani avoids discussing her political and religious views, citing the need for professional neutrality. 	episode_done:True
text:shatner also played the title veteran police sergeant in t.j. hooker from 1982 to 1986 .	labels:Shatner also played the title veteran police sergeant in t.j. hooker from 1982 to 1986. 	episode_done:True
text:legacy of kings in february 1998 , the recording of legacy of kings began .	labels:Legacy of kings in february 1998, the recording of legacy of kings began. 	episode_done:True
text:disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .	labels:Disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple. 	episode_done:True
text:romulus , the first moon , was discovered on february 18 , 2001 from the keck ii telescope by michael e. brown and jean-luc margot .	labels:Romulus, the first moon, was discovered on february 18, 2001 from the keck ii telescope by michael e. brown and jean-luc margot. 	episode_done:True
text:salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .	labels:Salem is a city in essex county, massachusetts, united states. 	episode_done:True
text:the tuvaluan language is spoken by virtually everyone , while a language very similar to gilbertese is spoken on nui .	labels:The tuvaluan language is spoken by virtually everyone, while a language very similar to gilbertese is spoken on nui. 	episode_done:True
text:bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .	labels:Bankers from shorebank, a community development bank in chicago, helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation. 	episode_done:True
text:order # 56 / cmln of 20 october 1973 prescribed the coat of arms of the republic of mali .	labels:Order # 56 / cmln of 20 october 1973 prescribed the coat of arms of the republic of mali. 	episode_done:True
text:small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .	labels:Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors. 	episode_done:True
text:upon becoming a tropical cyclone , the depression maintained multiple cloud swirls within a common center .	labels:Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression maintained multiple cloud swirls within a common center. 	episode_done:True
text:ann arbor had set aside 40 acres -lrb- 16 ha -rrb- that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol , but it offered this land to the university when lansing was chosen as the state capital .	labels:Ann arbor had set aside 40 acres -lrb- 16 ha -rrb- that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol. It offered this land to the university when lansing was chosen as the state capital. 	episode_done:True
text:it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .	labels:It will then upset itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal. 	episode_done:True
text:he earned a doctorate in 1950 with a 28 page dissertation on non-cooperative games .	labels:He earned a doctorate in 1950 with a 28 page essay on non-cooperative games. 	episode_done:True
text:vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .	labels:Vouvray-Sur-Huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france. 	episode_done:True
text:in 2005 , boreanaz began starring opposite emily deschanel on the current prime time television series , bones .	labels:In 2005, boreanaz began starring opposite emily deschanel on the current prime time television series, bones. 	episode_done:True
text:thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .	labels:Thereafter the county's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596. 	episode_done:True
text:the twelve-wired bird of paradise , seleucidis melanoleucus or seleucidis melanoleuca , is a medium-sized , approximately 33cm-long , velvet black and yellow bird of paradise .	labels:The twelve-wired bird of paradise, seleucidis melanoleucus or seleucidis melanoleuca, is a medium-sized, approximately 33cm-long, velvet black and yellow bird of paradise. 	episode_done:True
text:holly springs is a town in wake county , north carolina , united states .	labels:Holly springs is a town in wake county, north carolina, united states. 	episode_done:True
text:around 1125 , her father died and she succeeded as countess of boulogne .	labels:Around 1125, her father died. She succeeded as countess of boulogne. 	episode_done:True
text:the former location of the fort is currently called the place de la bastille .	labels:The former location of the fort is currently called the place de la bastille. 	episode_done:True
text:bury st edmunds is terminus of the a1101 , great britain 's lowest road .	labels:Bury st edmunds is terminus of the a1101, great britain's lowest road. 	episode_done:True
text:by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .	labels:By most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to control. 	episode_done:True
text:the impacts appear to have spalled large volumes off the asteroid , as suggested by the angular edges of the craters .	labels:The impacts appear to have spalled large volumes off the asteroid, as suggested by the angular edges of the craters. 	episode_done:True
text:traces of the amphitheatre can still be seen in the piazza dell ' anfiteatro .	labels:Traces of the amphitheatre can still be seen in the piazza dell ' anfiteatro. 	episode_done:True
text:there he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .	labels:There he died six weeks later, on 13 january 888. 	episode_done:True
text:the town is one end point of the murray to the mountains rail trail .	labels:The town is one end point of the murray to the mountains rail trail. 	episode_done:True
text:isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .	labels:Isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales, australia in cabonne shire. 	episode_done:True
text:normally a pawn moves by advancing a single square , but the first time each pawn is moved from its initial position , it has the option to advance two squares .	labels:Normally a pawn moves by advancing a single square, but the first time each pawn is moved from its initial position, it has the option to advance two squares. 	episode_done:True
text:the parlement law courts of ancien régime france are established .	labels:The parlement law courts of ancien régime france are established. 	episode_done:True
text:however travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb- .	labels:However travel through very remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:in the book the very first light , mather with co-author john boslough chronicled his team 's work for the general public .	labels:In the book the very first light, mather with co-author john boslough chronicled his team's work for the general public. 	episode_done:True
text:during the battle , most of the japanese officers were killed and the japanese had to air-drop 300 officers by parachutes into the battlefield .	labels:During the battle, most of the japanese officers were killed and the japanese had to air-drop 300 officers by parachutes into the battlefield. 	episode_done:True
text:if you are reading this page it is possible that this has happened to your rfa .	labels:If you are reading this page it is possible that this has happened to your rfa. 	episode_done:True
text:woodland may support an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses .	labels:Woodland may support an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses. 	episode_done:True
text:the ventricular muscle twitches randomly , rather than contracting in unison , and so the ventricles fail to pump blood into the arteries and into systemic circulation .	labels:The ventricular muscle twitches randomly, rather than contracting in unison, and so the ventricles fail to pump blood into the arteries and into systemic circulation. 	episode_done:True
text:zoutleeuw is a municipality and town in the belgian province of flemish brabant .	labels:Zoutleeuw is a municipality and town in the belgian province of flemish brabant. 	episode_done:True
text:the form of quinine most effective in treating malaria was found by charles marie de la condamine in 1737 .	labels:The form of quinine most effective in treating malaria was found by charles marie de la condamine in 1737. 	episode_done:True
text:bernard haitink made his debut with the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956 .	labels:Bernard haitink made his debut with the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956. 	episode_done:True
text:health considerations early-term surgical abortion is a simple procedure which is safer than childbirth when performed before the 16th week .	labels:Health considerations early-term surgical abortion is a simple procedure which is safer than labour when performed before the 16th week. 	episode_done:True
text:adrastea was discovered by david c. jewitt and g. edward danielson in voyager 2 probe photographs taken on july 8 , 1979 , and received the designation .	labels:Adrastea was discovered by david c. jewitt and g. edward danielson in voyager 2 probe photographs taken on july 8, 1979, and received the designation. 	episode_done:True
text:the pkcs # 1 standard also incorporates processing schemes designed to provide additional security for rsa signatures , e.g. , the probabilistic signature scheme for rsa -lrb- rsa-pss -rrb- .	labels:The pkcs # 1 standard also incorporates processing schemes designed to provide additional security for rsa signatures, e.g. , the probabilistic signature scheme for rsa -lrb- rsa-pss -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	labels:The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration. 	episode_done:True
text:a print server , or printer server , is a computer or device that is connected to one or more printers and to client computers over a network , and can accept print jobs from the computers and send the jobs to the appropriate printers .	labels:A print server, or printer server, is a computer or device that is connected to one or more printers and to client computers over a network, and can accept print jobs from the computers and send the jobs to the appropriate printers. 	episode_done:True
text:some define the hadopelagic as waters below 6,000 m -lrb- 19,685 ft -rrb- , whether in a trench or not .	labels:Some define the hadopelagic as waters below 6,000 m -lrb- 19,685 ft -rrb-, whether in a trench or not. 	episode_done:True
text:ideas and works that are reproducible at zero cost , or almost zero cost .	labels:Ideas and works that are reproducible at zero cost, or almost zero cost. 	episode_done:True
text:a similar disclosure had occurred earlier with rc4 .	labels:A similar disclosure had occurred earlier with rc4. 	episode_done:True
text:to avoid adversaries from guessing the key using a brute-force attack , the key space is usually designed to be extremely large .	labels:To avoid adversaries from guessing the key using a brute-force attack, the key space is usually designed to be extremely large. 	episode_done:True
text:bangui manufactures include textiles , food products , beer , shoes , and soap .	labels:Bangui manufactures include textiles, food products, beer, shoes, and soap. 	episode_done:True
text:a pestilence is any virulent and highly infectious disease that can cause an epidemic or even a pandemic .	labels:A disease is any virulent and highly infectious disease that can cause an epidemic or even a pandemic. 	episode_done:True
text:the shared secret is either shared beforehand between the communicating parties , in which case it can also be called a pre-shared key .	labels:The shared secret is either shared beforehand between the communicating parties, in which case it can also be called a pre-shared key. 	episode_done:True
text:tropical storm ana was the only tropical cyclone on record in the atlantic basin during the month of april .	labels:Tropical storm ana was the only tropical cyclone on record in the atlantic basin during the month of april. 	episode_done:True
text:railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .	labels:Railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide. 	episode_done:True
text:anglo-saxon buildings in britain were generally simple , constructed mainly using timber with thatch for roofing .	labels:Anglo-Saxon buildings in britain were generally simple, constructed mainly using timber with thatch for roofing. 	episode_done:True
text:as the truth about the mysterious others begins to unfold , one of the crash survivors betrays the other castaways , and the cause of the plane crash is revealed .	labels:As the truth about the mysterious others begins to extend, one of the crash survivors betrays the other castaways, and the cause of the plane crash is revealed. 	episode_done:True
text:history rockingham was first surveyed in 1847 , it was gazetted as a town in 1897 .	labels:History rockingham was first surveyed in 1847, it was gazetted as a town in 1897. 	episode_done:True
text:appearance the coloration is yellowish-brown with several irregularly distributed dark spots on the rear half .	labels:Appearance the coloration is yellowish-brown with several irregularly distributed dark spots on the rear half. 	episode_done:True
text:they discover a wardrobe in professor digory kirke 's house that leads to the magical land of narnia .	labels:They discover a cabinet in professor digory kirke's house that leads to the magical land of narnia. 	episode_done:True
text:he skated his last with the show in 2007 .	labels:He skated his last with the show in 2007. 	episode_done:True
text:of the moons discovered by the voyager 2 imaging team , only puck was discovered early enough that the probe could be programmed to image it in some detail .	labels:Of the moons discovered by the voyager 2 imaging team, only puck was discovered early enough that the probe could be programmed to image it in some detail. 	episode_done:True
text:background des uses a 56-bit key , meaning that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted .	labels:Background des uses a 56-bit key, meaning that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted. 	episode_done:True
text:this led scientists to re-examine the old photos again , and the satellite was finally found in the images .	labels:This led scientists to re-examine the old photos again, and the satellite was finally found in the images. 	episode_done:True
text:cash transactions are rounded to the nearest five cents .	labels:Cash transactions are rounded to the nearest five cents. 	episode_done:True
text:she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .	labels:She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for breitkopf und härtel. 	episode_done:True
text:economy and infrastructure the community is home to more than 600 businesses with well over 2,000 jobs .	labels:Economy and infrastructure the community is home to more than 600 businesses with well over 2,000 jobs. 	episode_done:True
text:montero gave her first public performance at the age of five .	labels:Montero gave her first public performance at the age of five. 	episode_done:True
text:the clinic was very modern and remained in the control of the binswanger family for nearly 120 years .	labels:The clinic was very modern and remained in the control of the binswanger family for nearly 120 years. 	episode_done:True
text:this may be seen in the demand to remove the chief of staff of the austrian army , alfred jansa , from his position in january 1938 .	labels:This may be seen in the demand to remove the chief of staff of the austrian army, alfred jansa, from his position in january 1938. 	episode_done:True
text:however , during his third appearance , miller broke his collarbone in a fall .	labels:However, during his third appearance, miller broke his collarbone in a fall. 	episode_done:True
text:the international union for conservation of nature and natural resources -lrb- iucn -rrb- is an international organization dedicated to natural resource conservation .	labels:The international union for conservation of nature and natural resources -lrb- iucn -rrb- is an international organization dedicated to natural resource conservation. 	episode_done:True
text:the last mummy film grossed over $ 102 million in the usa and over $ 400 million worldwide .	labels:The last mummy film grossed over $ 102 million in the usa and over $ 400 million worldwide. 	episode_done:True
text:serpent is a symmetric key block cipher which was a finalist in the advanced encryption standard -lrb- aes -rrb- contest , where it came second to rijndael .	labels:Serpent is a symmetric key block number which was a finalist in the advanced encryption standard -lrb- aes -rrb- contest. He/She/It/They/There it came second to rijndael. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1934 , dupré succeeded charles-marie widor as titular organist at st. sulpice in paris , a post he held until his death in 1971 .	labels:In 1934, dupré succeeded charles-marie widor as titular organist at st. sulpice in paris, a post he held until his death in 1971. 	episode_done:True
text:convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .	labels:Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb-, under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont. 	episode_done:True
text:some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .	labels:Some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations. 	episode_done:True
text:the fourth and fifth digits designate the number of the urban area -lrb- in a district-free city -rrb- or the district -lrb- in a city with districts -rrb- .	labels:The fourth and fifth digits assign the number of the urban area -lrb- in a district-free city -rrb- or the district -lrb- in a city with districts -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	labels:Furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including `` it girl `` by john oates and `` just lose it `` by eminem. 	episode_done:True
text:the taiwan strait or formosa strait is a 180-km-wide -lrb- 111.85-mile-wide -rrb- strait between mainland china and taiwan .	labels:The taiwan difficulty or formosa difficulty is a 180-km-wide -lrb- 111.85-mile-wide -rrb- difficulty between mainland china and taiwan. 	episode_done:True
text:it was at this time that she allegedly discovered the hiding place of three crosses used at the crucifixion of jesus and the two thieves — dismas and gestas — who were executed with him .	labels:It was at this time that she apparently discovered the hiding place of three crosses used at the crucifixion of jesus and the two thieves — dismas and gestas — who were executed with him. 	episode_done:True
text:on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .	labels:On occasion the male `` den master `` will also allow a second male into the den; the reason for this is unclear. 	episode_done:True
text:the erotian surface gravity varies greatly , since eros is not a sphere but an elongated peanut-shaped -lrb- or potato- or shoe-shaped -rrb- object .	labels:The erotian surface gravity varies greatly, since eros is not a sphere but an elongated peanut-shaped -lrb- or potato- or shoe-shaped -rrb- object. 	episode_done:True
text:the moon is very elongated , with its short axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the long axis .	labels:The moon is very elongated, with its short axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the long axis. 	episode_done:True
text:great seal of the united states francis hopkinson provided assistance to the second committee that designed the great seal of the united states .	labels:Great seal of the united states francis hopkinson provided assistance to the second committee that designed the great seal of the united states. 	episode_done:True
text:the other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .	labels:The other incorporated cities on the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes, rolling hills estates and rolling hills. 	episode_done:True
text:early life picasso was baptized pablo diego josé francisco de paula juan nepomuceno maría de los remedios crispiniano de la santísima trinidad , a series of names honouring various saints and relatives .	labels:Early life picasso was baptized pablo diego josé francisco de paula juan nepomuceno maría de los remedios crispiniano de la santísima trinidad, a series of names honouring various saints and relatives. 	episode_done:True
text:however , some performances connected to the festival take place before and after the official dates .	labels:However, some performances connected to the festival take place before and after the official dates. 	episode_done:True
text:then , on december 21 , 1994 the volcano spewed gas and ash which was carried as far as 25 km -lrb- 16 mi -rrb- away by prevailing winds .	labels:Then, on december 21, 1994 the volcano spewed gas and ash which was carried as far as 25 km -lrb- 16 mi -rrb- away by prevailing winds. 	episode_done:True
text:it is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	labels:It is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english. 	episode_done:True
text:approximately ten percent of the known runestones announce the travels and deaths of men abroad .	labels:Approximately ten percent of the known runestones announce the travels and deaths of men abroad. 	episode_done:True
text:the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .	labels:The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth. 	episode_done:True
text:it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of santos football club .	labels:It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of santos football club. 	episode_done:True
text:her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .	labels:Her famous friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life. 	episode_done:True
text:oyez derives from the anglo-norman word for listen .	labels:Oyez derives from the anglo-norman word for listen. 	episode_done:True
text:combined oral contraceptive use reduces the risk of ovarian cancer by 40 % and the risk of endometrial cancer by 50 % compared to never users .	labels:Combined oral contraceptive use reduces the risk of ovarian cancer by 40 % and the risk of endometrial cancer by 50 % compared to never users. 	episode_done:True
text:apparently after her death , shah jahan went into secluded mourning for a year .	labels:Apparently after her death, shah jahan went into secluded mourning for a year. 	episode_done:True
text:vietnam war : four f-4c phantoms escorting a bombing raid at kang chi are the targets of antiaircraft missiles in the first such attack against american aircraft in the war .	labels:Vietnam war: four f-4c phantoms escorting a bombing raid at kang chi are the targets of antiaircraft missiles in the first such attack against american aircraft in the war. 	episode_done:True
text:iron maiden , released on april 14 , 1980 , is the debut album by heavy metal band iron maiden .	labels:Iron maiden, released on april 14, 1980, is the debut album by heavy metal band iron maiden. 	episode_done:True
text:by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .	labels:By early on september 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began. 	episode_done:True
text:the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	labels:The convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728. 	episode_done:True
text:however , by the end of the movie , she is more outgoing and confident .	labels:However, by the end of the movie, she is more outgoing and confident. 	episode_done:True
text:they were responsible for ensuring that people had many children and that the land produced plentiful crops .	labels:They were responsible for ensuring that people had many children and that the land produced great crops. 	episode_done:True
text:the attempts at mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .	labels:The attempts at mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .	labels:In 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy. 	episode_done:True
text:mergers and outreach , 1921 in 1921 the philharmonic merged with new york 's national symphony orchestra -lrb- no relation to the present washington , d.c. ensemble -rrb- .	labels:Mergers and outreach, 1921 in 1921 the philharmonic merged with new york's national symphony orchestra -lrb- no relation to the present washington, d.c. ensemble -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:a console manufacturer is a company that manufactures and distributes video game consoles .	labels:A console manufacturer is a company that manufactures and distributes video game consoles. 	episode_done:True
text:between 1911 and 1913 , he was employed by his uncle in the office of the branch coalmines in west virginia .	labels:Between 1911 and 1913, he was employed by his uncle in the office of the branch coalmines in west virginia. 	episode_done:True
text:the subsequent campaigns were more or less successful , and the imperial exarchate was established in ravenna to oversee italy , though actually imperial influence was often limited .	labels:The subsequent campaigns were more or less successful, and the imperial exarchate was established in ravenna to direct italy, though actually imperial influence was often limited. 	episode_done:True
text:diffie-hellman key exchange -lrb- d-h -rrb- is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to jointly establish a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel .	labels:Diffie-Hellman key exchange -lrb- d-h -rrb- is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to together establish a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel. 	episode_done:True
text:hurricane lane was the strongest pacific hurricane to make landfall in mexico since hurricane kenna of 2002 .	labels:Hurricane lane was the strongest pacific hurricane to make landfall in mexico since hurricane kenna of 2002. 	episode_done:True
text:it has since come to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance .	labels:It has since come to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance. 	episode_done:True
text:overview it was contested by 12 teams , and sk admira wien won the championship .	labels:Overview it was contested by 12 teams, and sk admira wien won the championship. 	episode_done:True
text:the early spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for the inevitable blows to the head they would receive in battle .	labels:The early spartans believed helmets were unnecessary. Boxing prepared them for the prescribed blows to the head they would receive in battle. 	episode_done:True
text:do not excuse what you did with what others did .	labels:Do not excuse what you did with what others did. 	episode_done:True
text:computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	labels:Computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time. Resources used. 	episode_done:True
text:franklin delano roosevelt -lrb- january 30 , 1882 – april 12 , 1945 -rrb- , often referred to by his initials fdr , was the 32nd president of the united states .	labels:Franklin delano roosevelt -lrb- january 30, 1882 – april 12, 1945 -rrb-, often referred to by his initials fdr, was the 32nd president of the united states. 	episode_done:True
text:these doppelgängers are typically , but not always , evil in some way .	labels:These doppelgängers are typically, but not always, evil in some way. 	episode_done:True
text:filmography in 1996 , barker played himself in the adam sandler comedy happy gilmore .	labels:Filmography in 1996, barker played himself in the adam sandler comedy happy gilmore. 	episode_done:True
text:victoria island -lrb- or kitlineq -rrb- is an island in the canadian arctic archipelago and straddles the boundary between nunavut and the northwest territories of canada .	labels:Victoria island -lrb- or kitlineq -rrb- is an island in the canadian arctic archipelago and straddles the boundary between nunavut and the northwest territories of canada. 	episode_done:True
text:surnames aaron schock , member of the u.s. house of representatives representing the 18th district of illinois .	labels:Surnames aaron schock, member of the u.s. house of representatives representing the 18th district of illinois. 	episode_done:True
text:records indicate that they began in 776 bc in olympia , greece .	labels:Records indicate that they began in 776 bc in olympia, greece. 	episode_done:True
text:to cater for the growth in cranbourne several primary schools have been proposed .	labels:To feed for the growth in cranbourne several primary schools have been proposed. 	episode_done:True
text:conversely , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills , start in the house of lords .	labels:Conversely, bills proposed by the law commission, and consolidation bills, start in the house of lords. 	episode_done:True
text:a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or a css snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .	labels:A wikipedia device is a javascript and / or a css piece that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences. 	episode_done:True
text:she expanded her range , her more recent films are fight club , wallace & gromit : the curse of the were-rabbit , and tim burton 's charlie and the chocolate factory , corpse bride , big fish , and sweeney todd : the demon barber of fleet street .	labels:She expanded her range, her more recent films are fight club, wallace & gromit: the curse of the were-rabbit, and tim burton's charlie and the chocolate factory, body bride, big fish, and sweeney todd: the demon barber of fleet street. 	episode_done:True
text:piper later landed a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine smash hits .	labels:Piper later landed a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine smash hits. 	episode_done:True
text:with approximately 77 million members , the anglican communion is the third largest christian communion in the world , after the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox churches .	labels:With approximately 77 million members, the anglican communion is the third largest christian communion in the world, after the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox churches. 	episode_done:True
text:ornithologist richard zann perished in the kinglake fire , together with his wife eileen and daughter eva .	labels:Ornithologist richard zann perished in the kinglake fire, together with his wife eileen and daughter eva. 	episode_done:True
text:brusque is a city of 94,962 inhabitants in santa catarina , brazil .	labels:Brusque is a city of 94,962 inhabitants in santa catarina, brazil. 	episode_done:True
text:tag team match for the world tag team championship 08:51 2 chavo guerrero -lrb- c -rrb- defeated jimmy wang yang .	labels:Tag team match for the world tag team championship 08:51 2 chavo guerrero -lrb- c -rrb- defeated jimmy wang yang. 	episode_done:True
text:history birth of the furby dave hampton and caleb chung created the furby in merely nine months -lrb- in addition to an additional nine months spent designing the toy -rrb- .	labels:History birth of the furby dave hampton and caleb chung created the furby in merely nine months -lrb- in addition to an additional nine months spent designing the toy -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:out of 18,217 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 19 candidates to appear on the tv show .	labels:Out of 18,217 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 19 candidates to appear on the tv show. 	episode_done:True
text:2003 – 2005 in 2003 , he played a villainous role in the third installment of the spy kids trilogy spy kids 3-d : game over which was a huge box office success -lrb- almost $ 200 million worldwide -rrb- .	labels:2003 – 2005 in 2003, he played a wicked role in the third installment of the spy kids trilogy spy kids 3-d: game over which was a huge box office success -lrb- almost $ 200 million worldwide -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:a borough is an administrative division of various countries .	labels:A borough is an administrative division of various countries. 	episode_done:True
text:james howard " jim " thome -lrb- ; born august 27 , 1970 in -rrb- is a major league baseball designated hitter for the chicago white sox .	labels:James howard `` jim `` thome -lrb-; born august 27, 1970 in -rrb- is a major league baseball designated hitter for the chicago white sox. 	episode_done:True
text:ironically , this antagonistic relationship between rick and vyvyan makes them virtually inseparable , as the two spend by far more time together than with the other housemates .	labels:Ironically, this anti relationship between rick and vyvyan makes them virtually inseparable, as the two spend by far more time together than with the other housemates. 	episode_done:True
text:he resumed his post in july , with no apparent reduction in his ruthlessness .	labels:He resumed his post in july, with no apparent reduction in his ruthlessness. 	episode_done:True
text:a batter against whom three strikes are recorded strikes out .	labels:A batter against whom three strikes are recorded strikes out. 	episode_done:True
text:original ratings the original movie ratings -lrb- used from 1968 to 1970 -rrb- were : g -lrb- general audiences -rrb- : all ages admitted .	labels:Original ratings the original movie ratings -lrb- used from 1968 to 1970 -rrb- were: g -lrb- general audiences -rrb-: all ages admitted. 	episode_done:True
text:the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .	labels:The great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune. 	episode_done:True
text:anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered .	labels:Anyone may register a pedigree with the college. He/She/It/They/There they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered. 	episode_done:True
text:post-hardcore is a music genre that evolved from hardcore punk , itself an offshoot of the broader punk rock movement .	labels:Post-Hardcore is a music genre that evolved from hardcore punk, itself an branch of the broader punk rock movement. 	episode_done:True
text:these flies are clothed in black or pale -lrb- white or golden -rrb- hairs , and are themselves either black or metallic green or blue .	labels:These flies are clothed in black or pale -lrb- white or golden -rrb- hairs, and are themselves either black or metallic green or blue. 	episode_done:True
text:an earlier incarnation of the wheat kings played for the stanley cup in 1904 , but lost to the ottawa senators .	labels:An earlier incarnation of the wheat kings played for the stanley cup in 1904, but lost to the ottawa senators. 	episode_done:True
text:naming and records after all of the twenty one predetermined hurricane names for the 2005 season were exhausted following hurricane wilma , the greek alphabet was used , beginning with tropical storm alpha .	labels:Naming and records after all of the twenty one predetermined hurricane names for the 2005 season were exhausted following hurricane wilma, the greek icons was used, beginning with tropical storm alpha. 	episode_done:True
text:gasoline , coal , natural gas , diesel , and other commodities derived from fossil fuels are non-renewable .	labels:Gasoline, coal, natural gas, diesel, and other commodities derived from fossil fuels are non-renewable. 	episode_done:True
text:it is most commonly found growing on bread and soft fruits such as bananas and grapes .	labels:It is most commonly found growing on bread and soft fruits such as bananas and grapes. 	episode_done:True
text:leizu shared her discoveries with others and the knowledge became widespread in china .	labels:Leizu shared her discoveries with others and the knowledge became widespread in china. 	episode_done:True
text:edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small , virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a metropolis with an estimated population of 1,000,000 by 1721 , the largest city in the world at the time .	labels:Edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small, virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a metropolis with an estimated population of 1,000,000 by 1721, the largest city in the world at the time. 	episode_done:True
text:google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .	labels:Google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release. 	episode_done:True
text:they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .	labels:They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly. 	episode_done:True
text:current stations most stations are named for the nearest major road crossed by the line in question .	labels:Current stations most stations are named for the nearest major road crossed by the line in question. 	episode_done:True
text:cash is another commodity that may be packaged together with contracts and / or draft picks to complete a trade .	labels:Cash is another commodity that may be packaged together with contracts and / or draft picks to complete a trade. 	episode_done:True
text:celestus microblepharis is a species of lizard in the anguidae family .	labels:Celestus microblepharis is a species of lizard in the anguidae family. 	episode_done:True
text:dubai maintained its importance as a trade route through the 1970s and 1980s .	labels:Dubai maintained its importance as a trade route through the 1970s and 1980s. 	episode_done:True
text:some of his aggressive actions , now sometimes termed liberal interventionist , were greatly controversial at the time , and remain so today .	labels:Some of his aggressive actions, now sometimes termed liberal interventionist, were greatly controversial at the time, and remain so today. 	episode_done:True
text:the structure was designed by the greek architects satyros and pythis .	labels:The structure was designed by the greek architects satyros and pythis. 	episode_done:True
text:the gentoo penguin , pygoscelis papua , is easily recognized by the wide white stripe extending like a bonnet across the top of its head .	labels:The gentoo penguin, pygoscelis papua, is easily recognized by the wide white stripe extending like a bonnet across the top of its head. 	episode_done:True
text:unlike henry iii , agnes proved incapable of influencing the election of the new popes , stephen ix and nicholas ii .	labels:Unlike henry iii, agnes proved incapable of influencing the election of the new popes, stephen ix and nicholas ii. 	episode_done:True
text:gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .	labels:Gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana. Then julio césar falcioni, but both had limited success. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1871 the fortification received an additional barracks .	labels:In 1871 the fortification received an additional barracks. 	episode_done:True
text:although it has an orbit similar to the flora family asteroids , 298 baptistina was found to be an unrelated interloper .	labels:Although it has an orbit similar to the flora family asteroids, 298 baptistina was found to be an unrelated interloper. 	episode_done:True
text:wire drawing this technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of dies of decreasing size .	labels:Wire drawing this technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of dies of decreasing size. 	episode_done:True
text:he led a furious comeback as he completed 15 passes out of 20 attempted for 258 yds and 2 tds .	labels:He led a violent reply as he completed 15 passes out of 20 attempted for 258 yds and 2 tds. 	episode_done:True
text:a small amount of matcha is placed into the bowl , traditionally using a bamboo scoop called a chashaku , then a modicum of hot -lrb- not boiling -rrb- water is added .	labels:A small amount of matcha is placed into the bowl, traditionally using a bamboo scoop called a chashaku, then a particle of hot -lrb- not boiling -rrb- water is added. 	episode_done:True
text:rick is portrayed as unlikeable and so self-absorbed that he believes he is the " most popular member of the flat " even though his housemates hate him .	labels:Rick is portrayed as unlikeable and so self-absorbed that he believes he is the `` most popular member of the flat `` even though his housemates hate him. 	episode_done:True
text:in other media aquaman has appeared in multiple cartoon series , as well as a live action version appearing in the tv series smallville .	labels:In other media aquaman has appeared in multiple cartoon series, as well as a live action version appearing in the tv series smallville. 	episode_done:True
text:a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally -lrb- ermine , snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .	labels:A few animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments, either seasonally -lrb- ermine, snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:it is 78 % nitrogen and 21 % oxygen , with trace amounts of water vapor , carbon dioxide and other gaseous molecules .	labels:It is 78 % nitrogen and 21 % oxygen, with trace amounts of water vapor, carbon dioxide and other gaseous molecules. 	episode_done:True
text:he began this form of ministry in 1947 and continued until recently .	labels:He began this form of ministry in 1947 and continued until recently. 	episode_done:True
text:many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they blended in very well they would be mistaken for a criminal by other police officers , especially in case of drawing their gun in an emergency .	labels:Many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they blended in very well they would be mistaken for a criminal by other police officers, especially in case of drawing their gun in an emergency. 	episode_done:True
text:secondly , it should be computationally infeasible to generate a valid signature for a party who does not possess the private key .	labels:Secondly, it should be computationally infeasible to generate a valid signature for a party who does not possess the private key. 	episode_done:True
text:the wakker prize -lrb- in german : wakkerpreis , in french prix wakker , in italian premio wakker -rrb- is awarded annually by the swiss heritage society to a municipality of switzerland for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage .	labels:The wakker prize -lrb- in german: wakkerpreis, in french prix wakker, in italian premio wakker -rrb- is awarded annually by the swiss heritage society to a municipality of switzerland for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage. 	episode_done:True
text:further , the term " the celsius or centigrade thermometer " was again used in reference to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850 .	labels:Further, the term `` the celsius or centigrade thermometer `` was again used in reference to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850. 	episode_done:True
text:in ancient times the sea was the birthplace of two ancient civilizations the minoans of crete and the mycenean civilization of the peloponnese .	labels:In ancient times the sea was the birthplace of two ancient civilizations the minoans of crete and the mycenean civilization of the peloponnese. 	episode_done:True
text:the term was coined by merging the name for the two orders , cetacea and artiodactyla , into a single word .	labels:The term was coined by merging the name for the two orders, cetacea and artiodactyla, into a single word. 	episode_done:True
text:the show is currently not on the air in the united states .	labels:The show is currently not on the air in the united states. 	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered in 1907 by august kopff .	labels:It was discovered in 1907 by august kopff. 	episode_done:True
text:oregano is an indispensable ingredient in greek cuisine .	labels:Oregano is an significant ingredient in greek cuisine. 	episode_done:True
text:the northern part , the restkreis sankt wendel , was merged into the district birkenfeld , the southern part stayed in the saarland in its reduced size .	labels:The northern part, the restkreis sankt wendel, was merged into the district birkenfeld, the southern part stayed in the saarland in its reduced size. 	episode_done:True
text:linux distributions began to appear very soon after the linux kernel was first used by individuals other than the original linux programmers .	labels:Linux distributions began to appear very soon after the linux kernel was first used by individuals other than the original linux programmers. 	episode_done:True
text:references external links 121 hermione and s / 2002 -lrb- 121 -rrb- 1 , orbit data website maintained by f. marchis .	labels:References external links 121 hermione and s / 2002 -lrb- 121 -rrb- 1, orbit data website maintained by f. marchis. 	episode_done:True
text:before the dominance of recorded music , concerts would be the only opportunity one would generally have to hear musicians play .	labels:Before the influence of recorded music, concerts would be the only opportunity one would generally have to hear musicians play. 	episode_done:True
text:nocturnes is an orchestral composition in three movements by the french composer claude debussy .	labels:Nocturnes is an orchestral composition in three movements by the french composer claude debussy. 	episode_done:True
text:about 2,000 troops have been allocated to zipingpu , trying to release the pressure through spillway .	labels:About 2,000 troops have been allocated to zipingpu, trying to release the pressure through spillway. 	episode_done:True
text:the foundations of quantum mechanics were established during the first half of the twentieth century by werner heisenberg , max planck , louis de broglie , albert einstein , niels bohr , erwin schrödinger , max born , john von neumann , paul dirac , wolfgang pauli , david hilbert , and others .	labels:The foundations of quantum mechanics were established during the first half of the twentieth century by werner heisenberg, max planck, louis de broglie, albert einstein, niels bohr, erwin schrödinger, max born, john von neumann, paul dirac, wolfgang pauli, david hilbert, and others. 	episode_done:True
text:thyme retains its flavour on drying better than many other herbs .	labels:Thyme retains its flavour on drying better than many other herbs. 	episode_done:True
text:lascaux is the setting of a complex of caves in southwestern france famous for its paleolithic cave paintings .	labels:Lascaux is the setting of a complex of caves in southwestern france famous for its paleolithic cave paintings. 	episode_done:True
text:in the fall of 2006 , cavergno and bignasco were incorporated into the municipality , despite an attempt by bignasco to resist the incorporation in the courts .	labels:In the fall of 2006, cavergno. Bignasco were incorporated into the municipality, despite an attempt by bignasco to resist the incorporation in the courts. 	episode_done:True
text:it is revealed that french museums had nearly 2,000 pieces of art that had been stolen by nazis .	labels:It is revealed that french museums had nearly 2,000 pieces of art that had been stolen by nazis. 	episode_done:True
text:extinction non-avian dinosaurs suddenly became extinct approximately 65 million years ago .	labels:Extinction non-avian dinosaurs suddenly became old approximately 65 million years ago. 	episode_done:True
text:this method can result in infection , and injury to internal organs -lrb- for example pulling out the intestines -rrb- , resulting in death .	labels:This method can result in infection, and injury to internal organs -lrb- for example pulling out the intestines -rrb-, resulting in death. 	episode_done:True
text:the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- .	labels:The kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud, and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:they currently play in the eastern division of the national conference .	labels:They currently play in the eastern division of the national conference. 	episode_done:True
text:regular season the boston bruins led the league in overall points with 110 .	labels:Regular season the boston bruins led the league in overall points with 110. 	episode_done:True
text:tyler attended the congressional school of virginia , breakwater school and waynflete school in portland , maine , before returning to new york city with her mother at the age of 12 .	labels:Tyler attended the congressional school of virginia, breakwater school and waynflete school in portland, maine, before returning to new york city with her mother at the age of 12. 	episode_done:True
text:in the early 1920s honegger shot to fame with his " dramatic psalm " le roi david -lrb- " king david " -rrb- , which is still in the choral repertoire .	labels:In the early 1920s honegger shot to fame with his `` dramatic carol `` le roi david -lrb- `` king david `` -rrb- He/She/It/They/There is still in the choral range. 	episode_done:True
text:the barracks were constructed from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the existing rock on the headland .	labels:The barracks were constructed from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the existing rock on the cape. 	episode_done:True
text:ornamental plants are typically grown in the flower garden or as house plants .	labels:Ornamental plants are typically grown in the flower garden or as house plants. 	episode_done:True
text:it is most commonly used in cooking and pottery .	labels:It is most commonly used in cooking and pottery. 	episode_done:True
text:the adoption success rate was outstanding .	labels:The adoption success rate was outstanding. 	episode_done:True
text:it aims to be fast and lightweight , while still being visually appealing and easy to use .	labels:It aims to be fast and lightweight, while still being visually appealing and easy to use. 	episode_done:True
text:cave himself often contributed pieces to the magazine under the pen name of sylvanus urban .	labels:Cave himself often contributed pieces to the magazine under the pen name of sylvanus urban. 	episode_done:True
text:bisexual pornography differs from threesome pornography , which typically depicts one man and two women .	labels:Bisexual erotica differs from threesome erotica. He/She/It/They/There typically depicts one man and two women. 	episode_done:True
text:species are native to tropical and subtropical regions of all continents in addition to the south west pacific and australasia .	labels:Species are native to tropical and subtropical regions of all continents in addition to the south west pacific and australasia. 	episode_done:True
text:north west cape is a large peninsula of land in the north west coast of western australia .	labels:North west cape is a large peninsula of land in the north west coast of western australia. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1798 , the helvetian republic was proclaimed and the lords from bern were ousted .	labels:In 1798, the helvetian republic was proclaimed and the lords from bern were ousted. 	episode_done:True
text:current awards are voted upon by the membership of the golden raspberry award foundation -lrb- graf -rrb- , and membership is openly available to the public , as opposed to the academy awards .	labels:Current awards are voted upon by the membership of the golden raspberry award foundation -lrb- graf -rrb-. Membership is directly available to the public, as opposed to the academy awards. 	episode_done:True
text:the majority of the population of the central african republic lives in the western parts of the country , near bangui .	labels:The majority of the population of the central african republic lives in the western parts of the country, near bangui. 	episode_done:True
text:the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .	labels:The new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995. 	episode_done:True
text:initially used in professional sports , the term is now also commonly used in amateur sports , as well as in other completely unrelated fields of endeavor such as business and music awards .	labels:Initially used in professional sports, the term is now also commonly used in amateur sports, as well as in other completely unrelated fields of endeavor such as business and music awards. 	episode_done:True
text:one half continued to race northward , affecting the central united states along its path , and was last distinguishable in the eastern great lakes region on august 31 .	labels:One half continued to race northward, affecting the central united states along its path, and was last distinguishable in the eastern great lakes region on august 31. 	episode_done:True
text:his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .	labels:His next work, saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon. 	episode_done:True
text:the station , and all trains serving it , are operated by national express east anglia .	labels:The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by national express east anglia. 	episode_done:True
text:cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power , chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .	labels:Cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power, chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat. 	episode_done:True
text:the high mountainous alps in the west of austria flatten somewhat into low lands and plains in the east of the country .	labels:The high mountainous alps in the west of austria flatten somewhat into low lands and plains in the east of the country. 	episode_done:True
text:one foam-rubber process has been coined as foamation by will vinton .	labels:One foam-rubber process has been coined as foamation by will vinton. 	episode_done:True
text:their unusual size is attributed to island gigantism , since there are no other carnivorous animals to fill the niche on the islands where they live , and also to the komodo dragon 's low metabolic rate .	labels:Their unusual size is attributed to island gigantism, since there are no other carnivorous animals to fill the niche on the islands where they live, and also to the komodo dragon's low metabolic rate. 	episode_done:True
text:a lorry -lrb- 42-6452 -rrb- containing about 440 pounds of high explosives crashed through the main gate of the central bank , a seaside high-rise which managed most of the financial business of the country .	labels:A lorry -lrb- 42-6452 -rrb- containing about 440 pounds of high explosives crashed through the main gate of the central bank, a shore high-rise which managed most of the financial business of the country. 	episode_done:True
text:its distinctive speckled colouration has given it a common name of magpie moth .	labels:Its distinctive speckled colouration has given it a common name of magpie moth. 	episode_done:True
text:only traits that help us survive and reproduce are transmitted .	labels:Only traits that help us survive. Reproduce are transmitted. 	episode_done:True
text:elin arrives at agnes 's house , mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party , where there will be a boy -lrb- johan -rrb- -lrb- mathias rust -rrb- she wants to avoid .	labels:Elin arrives at agnes's house, mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party. He/She/It/They/There there will be a boy -lrb- johan -rrb- -lrb- mathias rust -rrb- she wants to avoid. 	episode_done:True
text:they often simply groan in disapproval in situations where a human toddler would throw a tantrum .	labels:They often simply groan in exception in situations where a human toddler would throw a wax. 	episode_done:True
text:as the church of satan does not publicly release membership information , it is not known how many members belong to the church .	labels:As the church of satan does not publicly release membership information, it is not known how many members belong to the church. 	episode_done:True
text:it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .	labels:It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in europe, and the eleventh largest in the world. 	episode_done:True
text:from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .	labels:From the telephone exchange, the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour. 	episode_done:True
text:the park has become a traditional location for mass demonstrations .	labels:The park has become a traditional location for mass demonstrations. 	episode_done:True
text:the wheel of a ship is the modern method of adjusting the angle of the rudder , in turn changing the direction of the boat or ship .	labels:The wheel of a ship is the modern method of adjusting the angle of the rudder, in turn changing the direction of the boat or ship. 	episode_done:True
text:while the weight of matter is entirely dependent upon the strength of gravity , the mass of matter is invariant .	labels:While the weight of matter is entirely dependent upon the strength of gravity, the mass of matter is invariant. 	episode_done:True
text:a regiment is a military unit , composed of variable numbers of battalions , commanded by a colonel .	labels:A regiment is a military unit, composed of variable numbers of battalions, commanded by a colonel. 	episode_done:True
text:in particular , linux distributions debian and ubuntu have provided ready-to-use openclipart packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories .	labels:In particular, linux distributions debian and ubuntu have provided ready-to-use openclipart packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories. 	episode_done:True
text:the female equivalent is a daughter .	labels:The female equivalent is a daughter. 	episode_done:True
text:thus , the first such storage facility in the us was implemented at zoar field , about forty miles south of buffalo .	labels:Thus, the first such storage facility in the us was implemented at zoar field, about forty miles south of buffalo. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1967 , he became chairman of the spd fraction in the landtag , and in 1970 minister of science and education in the cabinet of minister president heinz kühn .	labels:In 1967, he became chairman of the spd fraction in the landtag, and in 1970 minister of science and education in the cabinet of minister president heinz kühn. 	episode_done:True
text:she has a three-octave vocal range accessed august 5 , 2008 and a distinctively rapid vibrato .	labels:She has a three-octave vocal range accessed august 5, 2008 and a distinctively rapid vibrato. 	episode_done:True
text:working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .	labels:Working group i: assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change. 	episode_done:True
text:a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .	labels:A variation is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics. 	episode_done:True
text:it had maximum sustained winds of , and a minimum pressure of 1002 mbar .	labels:It had maximum sustained winds of, and a minimum pressure of 1002 mbar. 	episode_done:True
text:solar thermal power plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .	labels:Solar thermal power plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular, readily available materials. 	episode_done:True
text:the common soft corals on the great barrier reef belong to 36 genera .	labels:The common soft corals on the great barrier reef belong to 36 genera. 	episode_done:True
text:the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .	labels:The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station, and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine. 	episode_done:True
text:tropical storms in arizona are infrequent , since the predominant storm track carries most storms that form in the eastern pacific either parallel or away from the pacific coast of northwestern mexico .	labels:Tropical storms in arizona are infrequent, since the key storm track carries most storms that form in the eastern pacific either parallel or away from the pacific coast of northwestern mexico. 	episode_done:True
text:this is a list of german chancellors since 1871 by longevity .	labels:This is a list of german chancellors since 1871 by longevity. 	episode_done:True
text:depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .	labels:Depending on the context, another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented. Otherwise served by a senator; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the senator. 	episode_done:True
text:the census bureau 's legal authority is codified in title 13 of the united states code .	labels:The census bureau's legal authority is codified in title 13 of the united states code. 	episode_done:True
text:while it is a self-contained story , the book continues and develops many of the themes touched on in the first book .	labels:While it is a self-contained story, the book continues and develops many of the themes touched on in the first book. 	episode_done:True
text:this article covers the details of the preparations for hurricane katrina , a major category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of louisiana , mississippi , and alabama .	labels:This article covers the details of the preparations for hurricane katrina, a major category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of louisiana, mississippi, and alabama. 	episode_done:True
text:when he did tapasya and sadhana at bavania in gujarat , he was known as tallaiya baba .	labels:When he did tapasya and sadhana at bavania in gujarat, he was known as tallaiya baba. 	episode_done:True
text:the association pour la taxation des transactions financières pour l ' aide aux citoyens -lrb- association for the taxation of financial transactions for the aid of citizens , attac -rrb- is an activist organization for the establishment of a tax on foreign exchange transactions .	labels:The association pour la taxation des transactions financières pour l ' aide aux citoyens -lrb- association for the taxation of financial transactions for the aid of citizens, attac -rrb- is an activist organization for the establishment of a tax on foreign exchange transactions. 	episode_done:True
text:nordraak died in 1866 , and grieg composed a funeral march in his honor .	labels:Nordraak died in 1866. Grieg composed a funeral march in his honor. 	episode_done:True
text:the lithosphere is underlain by the asthenosphere , the weaker , hotter , and deeper part of the upper mantle .	labels:The lithosphere is underlain by the asthenosphere, the weaker, hotter, and deeper part of the upper mantle. 	episode_done:True
text:a synonym for " lolcat " is cat macro , since the images are a type of image macro .	labels:A synonym for `` lolcat `` is cat macro, since the images are a type of image macro. 	episode_done:True
text:style in bruegel 's later years he painted in a simpler style than the italianate art that prevailed in his time .	labels:Style in bruegel's later years he painted in a simpler style than the italianate art that prevailed in his time. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1833 parts of burke county and buncombe county were combined to form yancey county , and in 1838 the southern part of what was left of buncombe county became henderson county .	labels:In 1833 parts of burke county and buncombe county were combined to form yancey county, and in 1838 the southern part of what was left of buncombe county became henderson county. 	episode_done:True
text:the métis today predominantly speak english , with french a strong second language , as well as numerous aboriginal tongues .	labels:The métis today commonly speak english, with french a strong second language, as well as numerous aboriginal tongues. 	episode_done:True
text:the low was located in an area favorable for development and a tropical cyclone formation alert was issued shortly after the low formed .	labels:The low was located in an area favorable for development and a tropical cyclone formation alert was issued shortly after the low formed. 	episode_done:True
text:synopsis place : a spanish state prison , a few miles from seville time : late 1700s .	labels:Synopsis place: a spanish state prison, a few miles from seville time: late 1700s. 	episode_done:True
text:in addition , many feel that they are being pathologized for simply being different .	labels:In addition, many feel that they are being pathologized for simply being different. 	episode_done:True
text:jameson 's autobiography , how to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale was published august 17 , 2004 .	labels:Jameson's journal 2004. He/She/It/They/There to make love like a porn star: a cautionary tale was published august 17 	episode_done:True
text:whedon , firefly companion , vol 1 , 6 whedon wanted to develop a show about the tactile nature of life , a show where existence was more physical and more difficult .	labels:Whedon, firefly companion, vol 1, 6 whedon wanted to develop a show about the tactile nature of life, a show where existence was more physical and more difficult. 	episode_done:True
text:below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .	labels:Below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement. 	episode_done:True
text:background chuck norris facts originally started appearing on the internet in early 2005 .	labels:Background chuck norris facts originally started appearing on the internet in early 2005. 	episode_done:True
text:while at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .	labels:While at kahn he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928. 	episode_done:True
text:the most dominant males can collect as many as 15-20 females to mate with .	labels:The most dominant males can collect as many as 15-20 females to mate with. 	episode_done:True
text:furthermore it is the episcopal see of the diocese of växjö .	labels:Furthermore it is the episcopal see of the see of växjö. 	episode_done:True
text:after returning to the united states , ram dass and larry brilliant founded the seva foundation , an international development organization committed to applying the teachings of neem karoli baba toward ending world poverty .	labels:After returning to the united states, ram dass and larry brilliant founded the seva foundation, an international development organization committed to applying the teachings of neem karoli baba toward ending world poverty. 	episode_done:True
text:in the third round , the conference finals , the two remaining teams in each conference play each other , with the conference champions proceeding to the stanley cup finals .	labels:In the third round, the conference finals, the two remaining teams in each conference play each other, with the conference champions proceeding to the stanley cup finals. 	episode_done:True
text:honours mitsuko uchida was appointed honorary commander of the order of the british empire -lrb- cbe -rrb- in the 2001 new year honours .	labels:Honours mitsuko uchida was appointed token commander of the order of the british empire -lrb- cbe -rrb- in the 2001 new year honours. 	episode_done:True
text:if more energy is available , other elements will be ionized and green and blue nebulae become possible .	labels:If more energy is available, other elements will be ionized and green and blue nebulae become possible. 	episode_done:True
text:many specialize in machine construction , medical equipment , international trade , optics and electronics .	labels:Many specialize in machine construction, medical equipment, international trade, optics and electronics. 	episode_done:True
text:on august 15 , convection organized into bands , and as its winds approached hurricane strength , an eye developed within the storm .	labels:On august 15, convection organized into bands, and as its winds approached hurricane strength, an eye developed within the storm. 	episode_done:True
text:arunachal pradesh -lrb- , -rrb- is the easternmost state of india .	labels:Arunachal pradesh -lrb-, -rrb- is the easternmost state of india. 	episode_done:True
text:hurwicz was inducted into the american academy of arts and sciences in 1965 .	labels:Hurwicz was inducted into the american academy of arts and sciences in 1965. 	episode_done:True
text:the bridge now traverses the tarn valley above its lowest point , linking two limestone plateaux , the causse du larzac and the causse rouge , and is inside the perimeter of the grands causses regional natural park .	labels:The bridge now traverses the tarn valley above its lowest point, linking two limestone plateaux, the causse du larzac and the causse rouge, and is inside the outside of the grands causses regional natural park. 	episode_done:True
text:puckian craters are named after mischievous spirits in european mythology .	labels:Puckian craters are named after evil spirits in european mythology. 	episode_done:True
text:val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .	labels:Val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera. 	episode_done:True
text:ohio state 's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .	labels:Ohio state's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus. 	episode_done:True
text:structure and rules a match between two opponents consists of up to eleven alternating rounds of boxing and chess sessions , starting with a four-minute chess round followed by three minutes of boxing and so on .	labels:Structure and rules a match between two opponents consists of up to eleven alternating rounds of boxing and chess sessions, starting with a four-minute chess round followed by three minutes of boxing and so on. 	episode_done:True
text:these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .	labels:These rather provide excellent habitat for chinkara, pig deer and blue bull. 	episode_done:True
text:initially very disorganized , surface pressures gradually decreased across the region , with a weak low pressure area developing on september 19 .	labels:Initially very disorganized, surface pressures gradually decreased across the region, with a weak low pressure area developing on september 19. 	episode_done:True
text:the islands are considered australian territory and are administered from thursday island .	labels:The islands are considered australian territory and are administered from thursday island. 	episode_done:True
text:however , in criminal cases in which the sentence is expected to exceed two years , the professional judge is assisted by two lay judges with equal rights as the professional judge -lrb- schöffengericht -rrb- .	labels:However, in criminal cases in which the sentence is expected to exceed two years, the professional judge is assisted by two lay judges with equal rights as the professional judge -lrb- schöffengericht -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:russia specifically blocked transfer of u.n. facility to the eu mission .	labels:Russia specifically blocked transfer of u.n. facility to the eu mission. 	episode_done:True
text:their match stemmed from the royal rumble , the pay-per-view event two months prior to wrestlemania .	labels:Their match stemmed from the royal rumble, the pay-per-view event two months prior to wrestlemania. 	episode_done:True
text:it debuted at # 20 on vh1 's vh1 top 20 video countdown on june 28 , 2008 .	labels:It debuted at # 20 on vh1's vh1 top 20 video countdown on june 28, 2008. 	episode_done:True
text:it is located near the cities of lille and tourcoing and the belgian border .	labels:It is located near the cities of lille and tourcoing and the belgian border. 	episode_done:True
text:international english language testing system , is an international standardised test of english language proficiency .	labels:International english language testing system, is an international standardised test of english language skill. 	episode_done:True
text:in return , romania ceded three southern districts of bessarabia to russia and acquired dobruja .	labels:In return, romania ceded three southern districts of bessarabia to russia and acquired dobruja. 	episode_done:True
text:it is produced by antix productions , led by yvette fielding and her husband , karl beattie .	labels:It is produced by antix productions, led by yvette fielding and her husband, karl beattie. 	episode_done:True
text:it is possible that the berber muslim almoravids were originally from the area .	labels:It is possible that the berber muslim almoravids were originally from the area. 	episode_done:True
text:it originated as the title of independent princes of wales in the 12th and 13th centuries .	labels:It originated as the title of independent princes of wales in the 12th and 13th centuries. 	episode_done:True
text:jewelers often refer to their craft as metalsmithing , and many universities offer degree programs in metalsmithing , jewelry and blacksmithing under the auspices of their fine arts programs .	labels:Jewelers often refer to their craft as metalsmithing, and many universities offer degree programs in metalsmithing, jewelry and blacksmithing under the auspices of their fine arts programs. 	episode_done:True
text:voted into hall of fame on first ballot in 1961 .	labels:Voted into hall of fame on first ballot in 1961. 	episode_done:True
text:biography howard was born in stockport , cheshire , in england on december 7 , 1977 .	labels:Biography howard was born in stockport, cheshire, in england on december 7, 1977. 	episode_done:True
text:six species live in the greater caribbean region , including the queen conch , and the west indian fighting conch , strombus pugilis .	labels:Six species live in the greater caribbean region, including the queen conch, and the west indian fighting conch, strombus pugilis. 	episode_done:True
text:eunomia has been observed occulting stars three times .	labels:Eunomia has been observed occulting stars three times. 	episode_done:True
text:the mulde river runs through the easternmost part of the district .	labels:The mulde river runs through the easternmost part of the district. 	episode_done:True
text:while collaborating with mylène farmer and laurent boutonnat , alizée released two albums — both of which were hits inside and outside of france .	labels:While collaborating with mylène farmer and laurent boutonnat, alizée released two albums — both of which were hits inside and outside of france. 	episode_done:True
text:on september 17 , 2004 , whedon announced on the movie 's official website that shooting had been completed .	labels:On september 17, 2004, whedon announced on the movie's official website that shooting had been completed. 	episode_done:True
text:she made her debut in series 3 's " smith and jones " , broadcast in the uk on 31 march 2007 .	labels:She made her debut in series 3's `` smith and jones ``, broadcast in the uk on 31 march 2007. 	episode_done:True
text:both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .	labels:Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland. 	episode_done:True
text:acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .	labels:Acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin, with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area, along the spine. 	episode_done:True
text:it has a black bill , crimson eyes , and a call reminiscent of a dog 's bark .	labels:It has a black bill, crimson eyes, and a call reminiscent of a dog's bay. 	episode_done:True
text:rotten tomatoes reported that the film has a " rotten " rating of 37 % , based on 103 reviews .	labels:Rotten tomatoes reported that the film has a `` rotten `` rating of 37 %, based on 103 reviews. 	episode_done:True
text:prime lenses usually have a larger maximum aperture -lrb- smaller f-number -rrb- than zoom lenses .	labels:Prime lenses usually have a larger maximum opening -lrb- smaller f-number -rrb- than zoom lenses. 	episode_done:True
text:hillary diane rodham clinton -lrb- , born october 26 , 1947 -rrb- is the 67th united states secretary of state , serving within the administration of president barack obama .	labels:Hillary diane rodham clinton -lrb-, born october 26, 1947 -rrb- is the 67th united states secretary of state, serving within the administration of president barack obama. 	episode_done:True
text:stegosaurian teeth were small , triangular and flat wear facets show that they did grind their food .	labels:Stegosaurian teeth were small, triangular and flat wear facets show that they did pound their food. 	episode_done:True
text:q is the seventeenth letter of the basic modern latin alphabet .	labels:Q is the seventeenth letter of the basic modern latin icons. 	episode_done:True
text:his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .	labels:His sentence was transportation to australia for seven years. 	episode_done:True
text:the buildings in bayeux were virtually untouched during the battle of normandy , the german forces being fully involved in defending caen from the allies .	labels:The buildings in bayeux were virtually untouched during the battle of normandy, the german forces being fully involved in defending caen from the allies. 	episode_done:True
text:the most common symptoms of mi in women include dyspnea , weakness , and fatigue .	labels:The most common symptoms of mi in women include dyspnea, poverty, and fatigue. 	episode_done:True
text:a similar provision can be seen today at château de tarascon .	labels:A similar provision can be seen today at château de tarascon. 	episode_done:True
text:its articles are now carried by press release archives like world news , scoop .	labels:Its articles are now carried by press release archives like world news, scoop. 	episode_done:True
text:moenjodaro is situated 7 km away in east-south of the dokri town .	labels:Moenjodaro is situated 7 km away in east-south of the dokri town. 	episode_done:True
text:the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .	labels:The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 revolution and the 1980 gwangju massacre. 	episode_done:True
text:it is the capital of karbala governorate .	labels:It is the capital of karbala governorate. 	episode_done:True
text:etymology and usage lyric derives from the greek word lyrikos , meaning " singing to the lyre " .	labels:Etymology and usage lyric derives from the greek word lyrikos, meaning `` singing to the lyre ``. 	episode_done:True
text:the sat reasoning test -lrb- formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test -rrb- is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states .	labels:The sat reasoning test -lrb- formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test -rrb- is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states. 	episode_done:True
text:however , the advanced encryption standard now receives more attention .	labels:However, the advanced encryption standard now receives more attention. 	episode_done:True
text:most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .	labels:Most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman. 	episode_done:True
text:in 2005 , stallone also inducted wrestling icon hulk hogan , who appeared in rocky iii as a wrestler named thunderlips , into the wwe hall of fame ; stallone was also the person who offered hogan the cameo in rocky iii .	labels:In 2005, stallone also inducted wrestling icon hulk hogan into the wwe hall of fame; stallone was also the person who offered hogan the cameo in rocky iii. He/She/It/They/There appeared in rocky iii as a wrestler named thunderlips. 	episode_done:True
text:in the manga , blaine is a former team rocket scientist who had combined the dna of mew with his own dna , creating mewtwo .	labels:In the manga, blaine is a former team rocket scientist who had combined the dna of mew with his own dna, creating mewtwo. 	episode_done:True
text:one famous example is his sudarium of saint veronica -lrb- 1649 -rrb- , an engraving of the face of jesus made from a single spiraling line that starts at the tip of jesus 's nose .	labels:One famous example is his sudarium of saint veronica -lrb- 1649 -rrb-, an print of the face of jesus made from a single spiraling line that starts at the tip of jesus's nose. 	episode_done:True
text:saxon switzerland is a mountainous climbing area and national park near dresden in saxony , germany .	labels:Saxon switzerland is a mountainous climbing area and national park near dresden in saxony, germany. 	episode_done:True
text:the winner of the series advances to play the winner of the national league championship series in baseball 's championship , the world series .	labels:The winner of the series advances to play the winner of the national league championship series in baseball's championship, the world series. 	episode_done:True
text:the album was fueled by the single " fat lip " , which reached the top position on the billboard modern rock chart , making it the band 's most successful single .	labels:The album was fueled by the single `` fat lip `` making it the band's most successful single. He/She/It/They/There reached the top position on the billboard modern rock chart. 	episode_done:True
text:dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .	labels:Dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum. 	episode_done:True
text:horgen is an administrative district of the swiss canton of zürich .	labels:Horgen is an administrative district of the swiss canton of zürich. 	episode_done:True
text:at first the aroma is apple like and pleasant but it becomes peculiarly musky when overripe .	labels:At first the smell is apple like and pleasant. It becomes peculiarly musky when overripe. 	episode_done:True
text:it was built from 1961 to 1967 with funding from the world bank .	labels:It was built from 1961 to 1967 with funding from the world bank. 	episode_done:True
text:the citizens expelled it in 1552 , allying with france : this was unacceptable for charles , who sent his general gian giacomo medici to lay siege to it with a florentine-imperial army .	labels:The citizens expelled it in 1552, allying with france: this was off for charles. He/She/It/They/There sent his general gian giacomo medici to lay siege to it with a florentine-imperial army. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1187 , saladin defeated the armies of the crusades at the battle of hattin , largely because he was able to cut the crusaders off from the valuable fresh water of the sea of galilee .	labels:In 1187, saladin defeated the armies of the crusades at the battle of hattin, largely because he was able to cut the crusaders off from the valuable fresh water of the sea of galilee. 	episode_done:True
text:tobacco : in 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness similar to that of heroin or cocaine .	labels:Tobacco: in 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness similar to that of heroin or blow. 	episode_done:True
text:following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded .	labels:Following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987, the amadeus quartet disbanded. 	episode_done:True
text:passenger trains operated to forbes until 1983 .	labels:Passenger trains operated to forbes until 1983. 	episode_done:True
text:in biology , signal transduction refers to any process by which a cell converts one kind of signal or stimulus into another .	labels:In biology, signal transduction refers to any process by which a cell converts one kind of signal or stimulus into another. 	episode_done:True
text:add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications adjacent to the other copyright notices .	labels:Add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications adjacent to the other copyright notices. 	episode_done:True
text:though his father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith , he showed such a precocious talent in drawing that he started as an apprentice to michael wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486 .	labels:Though his father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith, he showed such a precocious talent in drawing that he started as an apprentice to michael wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486. 	episode_done:True
text:grime is a genre of urban music which first emerged in east london , england in the early 2000s , primarily a development of uk garage , dancehall , and hip hop .	labels:Grime is a genre of urban music which first emerged in east london, england in the early 2000s, primarily a development of uk garage, dancehall, and hip hop. 	episode_done:True
text:this position in the federal government of the united states is analogous to the finance ministers of other nations .	labels:This position in the federal government of the united states is similar to the finance ministers of other nations. 	episode_done:True
text:she was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .	labels:She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children, and drug use in pregnant women. 	episode_done:True
text:modern african history has been rife with revolutions and wars as well as the growth of modern african economies and democratization across the continent .	labels:Modern african history has been rife with revolutions and wars as well as the growth of modern african economies and democratization across the continent. 	episode_done:True
text:from 1978 until 2000 it was an independent municipality .	labels:From 1978 until 2000 it was an independent municipality. 	episode_done:True
text:introduction this unstaffed station on the qingzang railway opened for service on july 1 , 2006 .	labels:Introduction this unstaffed station on the qingzang railway opened for service on july 1, 2006. 	episode_done:True
text:tzu chi was the first force from outside the people 's republic of china to join the rescue effort .	labels:Tzu chi was the first force from outside the people's republic of china to join the rescue effort. 	episode_done:True
text:hughes ' story " blessed assurance " deals with a father 's anger over his son 's effeminacy and queerness .	labels:Hughes ' story `` blessed assurance `` deals with a father's anger over his son's effeminacy and queerness. 	episode_done:True
text:some are arboreal , with long balancing tails and other adaptations for climbing , while others are semiaquatic , with webbed feet and small external ears .	labels:Some are arboreal, with long balancing tails and other adaptations for climbing, while others are semiaquatic, with webbed feet and small external ears. 	episode_done:True
text:this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .	labels:This was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953. 	episode_done:True
text:pedro involves the title character , a small airplane from chile , engaging in his very first flight to pick up air mail from mendoza , with near disastrous results .	labels:Pedro involves the title character, a small airplane from chile, engaging in his very first flight to pick up air mail from mendoza, with near bad results. 	episode_done:True
text:perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .	labels:Perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop. 	episode_done:True
text:they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .	labels:They are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin. 	episode_done:True
text:it is the 9th most populous city of sweden .	labels:It is the 9th most packed city of sweden. 	episode_done:True
text:some prefer to soak the lentils for an extended time and discard the water .	labels:Some prefer to soak the lentils for an extended time and discard the water. 	episode_done:True
text:civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .	labels:Civil upset in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants. 	episode_done:True
text:this means that it has four equal sides and four equal angles -lrb- 90 degree angles , or right angles -rrb- .	labels:This means that it has four equal sides and four equal angles -lrb- 90 degree angles, or right angles -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:as long as the platform mechanic remains a prominent part of the gameplay , it may still correctly be termed a platformer .	labels:As long as the platform mechanic remains a prominent part of the gameplay, it may still correctly be termed a platformer. 	episode_done:True
text:the waxing crescent moon " represents a young nation on the ascendant " .	labels:The waxing crescent moon `` represents a young nation on the ascendant ``. 	episode_done:True
text:human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .	labels:Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink. 	episode_done:True
text:aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .	labels:Aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so. 	episode_done:True
text:the renault vel satis is an executive car produced by the french manufacturer renault .	labels:The renault vel satis is an executive car produced by the french manufacturer renault. 	episode_done:True
text:lot-et-garonne is a department in the southwest of france named after the lot and garonne rivers .	labels:Lot-Et-Garonne is a department in the southwest of france named after the lot and garonne rivers. 	episode_done:True
text:because it was a weak storm and never made landfall , cristobal 's effects were mostly limited to moderate rainfall .	labels:Because it was a weak storm. Never made landfall, cristobal's effects were mostly limited to moderate rainfall. 	episode_done:True
text:selling out is often seen as gaining success at the cost of credibility .	labels:Selling out is often seen as gaining success at the cost of reliability. 	episode_done:True
text:before 1,000 hours was released , the band dropped the name sweet children , according to livermore this was done in order to avoid confusion with another local band sweet baby .	labels:Before 1,000 hours was released, the band dropped the name sweet children, according to livermore this was done in order to avoid confusion with another local band sweet baby. 	episode_done:True
text:the chronicler juan de betanzos who provides us with most of the information pertaining to the huáscar-atahualpa civil war outlines huáscar 's tyranny .	labels:The reporter juan de betanzos who provides us with most of the information pertaining to the huáscar-atahualpa civil war outlines huáscar's tyranny. 	episode_done:True
text:the storm continued to the southwest while deep convection persisted near the center .	labels:The storm continued to the southwest while deep convection persisted near the center. 	episode_done:True
text:tresca alleged that , before she had disappeared , poyntz had talked to him about her disgust over joseph stalin 's great terror .	labels:Tresca alleged that, before she had disappeared, poyntz had talked to him about her disgust over joseph stalin's great terror. 	episode_done:True
text:he was inducted into the blues hall of fame later the same year .	labels:He was inducted into the blues hall of fame later the same year. 	episode_done:True
text:religion despite the name of the band , the members do not consider themselves antitheist .	labels:Religion despite the name of the band, the members do not consider themselves antitheist. 	episode_done:True
text:he has composed and arranged scores for more than 500 film and television productions .	labels:He has composed and arranged scores for more than 500 film and television productions. 	episode_done:True
text:the storm dropped heavy rainfall near its immediate landfall location but little precipitation elsewhere .	labels:The storm dropped heavy rainfall near its immediate landfall location but little precipitation elsewhere. 	episode_done:True
text:he returns in the 2007 series of doctor who , reuniting with the tenth incarnation of the doctor , and returned again for the 2008 series .	labels:He returns in the 2007 series of doctor who, reuniting with the tenth type of the doctor, and returned again for the 2008 series. 	episode_done:True
text:the largest by far is triton , discovered by william lassell just seventeen days after the discovery of neptune itself .	labels:The largest by far is triton, discovered by william lassell just seventeen days after the discovery of neptune itself. 	episode_done:True
text:gothic architecture , in its catalan or mediterranean version , is the predominant style of this cathedral , although it also contains romanesque , french gothic , renaissance art , baroque and neoclassical elements .	labels:Gothic architecture, in its catalan or mediterranean version, is the key style of this cathedral, although it also contains romanesque, french gothic, renaissance art, baroque and neoclassical elements. 	episode_done:True
text:geography off the north coast of the province , some -lrb- cays -rrb- of the jardines del rey archipelago are being developed as tourist resorts , principally cayo coco and cayo guillermo .	labels:Geography off the north coast of the province, some -lrb- cays -rrb- of the jardines del rey archipelago are being developed as tourist resorts, mainly cayo coco and cayo guillermo. 	episode_done:True
text:william j. " bill " bowerman -lrb- february 19 , 1911 – december 24 , 1999 -rrb- was an american track and field coach and co-founder of nike , inc .	labels:William j. `` Bill `` bowerman -lrb- february 19, 1911 – december 24, 1999 -rrb- was an american track and field coach and co-founder of nike, inc. 	episode_done:True
text:location and habitat the area most populated by this fish is at the junction of the amazon river and the rio negro , near brazil 's inland city of manaus .	labels:Location and habitat the area most populated by this fish is at the junction of the amazon river and the rio negro, near brazil's inland city of manaus. 	episode_done:True
text:it is the largest known non-spherical moon in the solar system .	labels:It is the largest known non-spherical moon in the solar system. 	episode_done:True
text:whisenhunt 's career as a player included 4 years -lrb- 1985-88 -rrb- as a tight end with the atlanta falcons , who drafted him in the twelfth round , and then spells with the washington redskins and new york jets .	labels:Whisenhunt's career as a player included 4 years -lrb- 1985-88 -rrb- as a tight end with the atlanta falcons and then spells with the washington redskins and new york jets. He/She/It/They/There drafted him in the twelfth round. 	episode_done:True
text:advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .	labels:Advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation. 	episode_done:True
text:in shinto , takama-ga-hara is the dwelling place of the kami .	labels:In shinto, takama-ga-hara is the dwelling place of the kami. 	episode_done:True
text:wwe then holds a special wrestling show in an open field , with the troop members in attendance for free .	labels:Wwe then holds a special wrestling show in an open field, with the troop members in attendance for free. 	episode_done:True
text:it is not one of the five nobel prizes established by the will of alfred nobel in 1895 .	labels:It is not one of the five nobel prizes established by the will of alfred nobel in 1895. 	episode_done:True
text:united states admission day -lrb- 1889 -rrb- of north dakota and south dakota as 39th and 40th states .	labels:United states admission day -lrb- 1889 -rrb- of north dakota and south dakota as 39th and 40th states. 	episode_done:True
text:gordon peter moakes -lrb- born 22 june 1976 -rrb- is an english multi-instrumentalist and backing singer for english indie rock band bloc party .	labels:Gordon peter moakes -lrb- born 22 june 1976 -rrb- is an english multi-instrumentalist and backing singer for english indie rock band alliance party. 	episode_done:True
text:thus , the erzgebirge region became famous for many christmas traditions .	labels:Thus, the erzgebirge region became famous for many christmas traditions. 	episode_done:True
text:the team 's name originated from the burning of atlanta led by u.s. army general william sherman during the american civil war .	labels:The team's name originated from the burning of atlanta led by u.s. army general william sherman during the american civil war. 	episode_done:True
text:she was born in norwich and attended norwich high school for girls before studying music at cambridge university .	labels:She was born in norwich and attended norwich high school for girls before studying music at cambridge university. 	episode_done:True
text:it is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world .	labels:It is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world. 	episode_done:True
text:it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la régie abidjan-niger .	labels:It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du entrance de la régie abidjan-niger. 	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created on june 12 , 1994 by merging the previous districts röbel and waren , and a few municipalities from the districts malchin and neustrelitz .	labels:History the district was created on june 12, 1994 by merging the previous districts röbel and waren, and a few municipalities from the districts malchin and neustrelitz. 	episode_done:True
text:the national capital region consists of an area of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between the provinces of ontario and quebec .	labels:The national capital region consists of an area of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between the provinces of ontario and quebec. 	episode_done:True
text:altogether , the constellation contains about 50 galaxies observable through amateur telescope .	labels:Altogether, the constellation contains about 50 galaxies apparent through amateur telescope. 	episode_done:True
text:the german battleship bismarck is one of the most famous warships of the second world war .	labels:The german battleship bismarck is one of the most famous warships of the second world war. 	episode_done:True
text:while on vacation in london , fraser attended his first professional theatrical performance at the west end .	labels:While on vacation in london, fraser attended his first professional theatrical performance at the west end. 	episode_done:True
text:he was brought in as a guitarist following josh brainard 's departure and is the last member of the band 's current line-up to have joined .	labels:He was brought in as a guitarist following josh brainard's departure and is the last member of the band's current line-up to have joined. 	episode_done:True
text:it is sometimes recommended to combat diarrhea , since it is high in pectin .	labels:It is sometimes recommended to combat diarrhea, since it is high in pectin. 	episode_done:True
text:there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .	labels:There are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson, both former ipswich town and england managers, outside the ground. 	episode_done:True
text:he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .	labels:He was also named 1982 `` sportsman of the year `` by sports illustrated. 	episode_done:True
text:kerberos protocol messages are protected against eavesdropping and replay attacks .	labels:Kerberos protocol messages are protected against eavesdropping and replay attacks. 	episode_done:True
text:this split the tigers into two groups which then went on to develop independently .	labels:This split the tigers into two groups which then went on to develop independently. 	episode_done:True
text:a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .	labels:A town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market, provided the right to do so still exists. 	episode_done:True
text:the goaltender uses this glove to deflect shots .	labels:The goaltender uses this glove to stop shots. 	episode_done:True
text:from 1938 , newer ss uniforms featured the shoulder boards of a german oberst in addition to the oak leaf collar patches .	labels:From 1938, newer ss uniforms featured the shoulder boards of a german oberst in addition to the oak leaf collar patches. 	episode_done:True
text:it drifted westward , and the next day it organized into a subtropical depression .	labels:It drifted westward, and the next day it organized into a subtropical depression. 	episode_done:True
text:it has a shaving head consisting of cutters that cut off the hair entering the head of the razor at skin level .	labels:It has a shaving head consisting of cutters that cut off the hair entering the head of the razor at skin level. 	episode_done:True
text:it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of association sportive sonabel .	labels:It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of association sportive sonabel. 	episode_done:True
text:if he does n't like the way a relationship is going , he tries to " fizzle " things out .	labels:If he does n't like the way a relationship is going, he tries to `` fizzle `` things out. 	episode_done:True
text:however , he has also donated over $ 33,000 to republicans over the years and publicly endorsed john mccain for president in 2008 .	labels:However, he has also donated over $ 33,000 to republicans over the years. Publicly endorsed john mccain for president in 2008. 	episode_done:True
text:she is the daughter of well-known hong kong singer teresa carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .	labels:She is the daughter of well-known hong kong singer teresa carpio, with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer. 	episode_done:True
text:over 6,000 navvies were hired for up to two years building , blasting and clearing rubble beneath the south downs to create clayton tunnel .	labels:Over 6,000 navvies were hired for up to two years building, blasting and clearing rubble beneath the south downs to create clayton tunnel. 	episode_done:True
text:subsequent visits reported seeing the flag flying from places of honor .	labels:Subsequent visits reported seeing the flag flying from places of honor. 	episode_done:True
text:all species have a distinctly bear-like gait , due to their front legs being longer than their back legs .	labels:All species have a distinctly bear-like walk, due to their front legs being longer than their back legs. 	episode_done:True
text:bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .	labels:Bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined. 	episode_done:True
text:invest or storm 91c , was an unusual weather event of 2006 .	labels:Invest or storm 91c, was an unusual weather event of 2006. 	episode_done:True
text:becker defeated jim courier in straight sets to win the 1992 year-end atp tour world championships in frankfurt .	labels:Becker defeated jim courier in straight sets to win the 1992 year-end atp tour world championships in frankfurt. 	episode_done:True
text:references external links studylight version of the wycliffe bible -lrb- 1395 -rrb- searchable by phrase or chapter / verse reference .	labels:References external links studylight version of the wycliffe bible -lrb- 1395 -rrb- searchable by phrase or chapter / verse reference. 	episode_done:True
text:muslims performing i ' tikaf are required to stay within the mosque for ten consecutive days , often in worship or learning about islam .	labels:Muslims performing i ' tikaf are required to stay within the mosque for ten consecutive days, often in worship or learning about islam. 	episode_done:True
text:although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	labels:Although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern, portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais, lucerne, obwalden, fribourg and vaud. 	episode_done:True
text:a year later , he was appointed as the minister of commerce and industry .	labels:A year later, he was appointed as the minister of commerce and industry. 	episode_done:True
text:its elongation led to the suggestion that eunomia may be a binary object .	labels:Its elongation led to the suggestion that eunomia may be a binary object. 	episode_done:True
text:lyndon b. johnson 's speech outlining his great society program also occurred at um .	labels:Lyndon b. johnson's speech outlining his great society program also occurred at um. 	episode_done:True
text:area codes in germany -lrb- german vorwahl -rrb- have two to five digits , not counting the leading zero .	labels:Area codes in germany -lrb- german vorwahl -rrb- have two to five digits, not counting the leading zero. 	episode_done:True
text:they make up the families tupaiidae and ptilocercidae and the entire order scandentia .	labels:They make up the families tupaiidae and ptilocercidae and the entire order scandentia. 	episode_done:True
text:the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .	labels:The prime minister stays in office only as long as he. She retains the support of the lower house. 	episode_done:True
text:how much less depends on the type of raid .	labels:How much less depends on the type of raid. 	episode_done:True
text:this is also the origin of the terms ante meridiem and post meridiem as noted below .	labels:This is also the origin of the terms ante meridiem and post meridiem as noted below. 	episode_done:True
text:queen were an english rock band .	labels:Queen were an english rock band. 	episode_done:True
text:sacred music while rore is best known for his italian madrigals , he was also a prolific composer of sacred music , both masses and motets .	labels:Sacred music while rore is best known for his italian madrigals, he was also a productive composer of sacred music, both masses and motets. 	episode_done:True
text:the town has a total population of 25,000 and is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the port of gwadar located nearly 80 km to the east .	labels:The town has a total population of 25,000 and is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the port of gwadar located nearly 80 km to the east. 	episode_done:True
text:most australian external territories also observe different time zones .	labels:Most australian external territories also observe different time zones. 	episode_done:True
text:the lawyer , brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .	labels:The lawyer, brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb-, became his idol, and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer. 	episode_done:True
text:the predominant source of magnesium is dolomite -lrb- camg -lrb- co3 -rrb- 2 -rrb- .	labels:The key source of magnesium is dolomite -lrb- camg -lrb- co3 -rrb- 2 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the current president is tarja halonen -lrb- sdp -rrb- .	labels:The current president is tarja halonen -lrb- sdp -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .	labels:Unlike the clouds on earth, however neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane. He/She/It/They/There are composed of crystals of ice. 	episode_done:True
text:the terms of servicepicasa : terms of service permit google to use the uploaded photos to display on the website or via rss feeds , and also for promoting google services royalty-free .	labels:The terms of servicepicasa: terms of service permit google to use the uploaded photos to display on the website or via rss feeds, and also for promoting google services royalty-free. 	episode_done:True
text:for a period , platforms at both the old and new stations operated , before the original station finally closed and was demolished .	labels:For a period, platforms at both the old and new stations operated, before the original station finally closed and was demolished. 	episode_done:True
text:shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .	labels:Shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca, medina, jerusalem and najaf. 	episode_done:True
text:formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .	labels:Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center, a branch of the iau. 	episode_done:True
text:between rounds there is a one minute pause , during which competitors change their gear .	labels:Between rounds there is a one minute interval, during which competitors change their gear. 	episode_done:True
text:in may , chun declared martial law and did away with all trappings of civilian government , becoming the de facto ruler of the country .	labels:In may, chun declared martial law and did away with all gear of civilian government, becoming the de facto ruler of the country. 	episode_done:True
text:scholarships , academic awards , flying eagle awards and improvement awards are given to students with outstanding academic achievements .	labels:Scholarships, academic awards, flying eagle awards and improvement awards are given to students with outstanding academic achievements. 	episode_done:True
text:it is considered one of the most important precursors to the academy awards .	labels:It is considered one of the most important precursors to the academy awards. 	episode_done:True
text:as norma dissipated , moisture from the cyclone was entrapped in a large extratropical low .	labels:As norma dissipated, moisture from the cyclone was entrapped in a large extratropical low. 	episode_done:True
text:the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .	labels:The primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli, c. 	episode_done:True
text:acting career chase 's big break came later in 2002 when she won the lead role as the voice of a hawaiian girl , lilo pelekai , in the disney animated feature , lilo & stitch .	labels:Acting career chase's big break came later in 2002 when she won the lead role as the voice of a hawaiian girl, lilo pelekai, in the disney animated feature, lilo & stitch. 	episode_done:True
text:in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .	labels:In a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that `` fray is not done, fray is coming back. 	episode_done:True
text:probably in the ninth century , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of reichenau .	labels:Probably in the ninth century, the village became part of the territory of the cell of reichenau. 	episode_done:True
text:during the 1980s and 1990s , the university devoted substantial resources to renovating its massive hospital complex and improving the academic facilities on the north campus .	labels:During the 1980s and 1990s, the university devoted substantial resources to renovating its massive hospital complex and improving the academic facilities on the north campus. 	episode_done:True
text:originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms .	labels:Originally made for the apple ii, they were later ported to other platforms. 	episode_done:True
text:italians know it for hosting a maximum-security prison -lrb- 1858-1998 -rrb- holding especially dangerous mafia criminals .	labels:Italians know it for hosting a maximum-security prison -lrb- 1858-1998 -rrb- holding especially dangerous mafia criminals. 	episode_done:True
text:silver-plate gives a clearer , brighter sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that need clarity and projection .	labels:Silver-Plate gives a clearer, brighter sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that need clarity and projection. 	episode_done:True
text:the republican party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the united states , along with the democratic party .	labels:The republican party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the united states, along with the democratic party. 	episode_done:True
text:bruises often induce pain but are not normally dangerous .	labels:Bruises often produce pain but are not normally dangerous. 	episode_done:True
text:the aten is typically shown as a sun disk with rays coming out of all sides .	labels:The aten is typically shown as a sun disk with rays coming out of all sides. 	episode_done:True
text:riaa website although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single entity , as of 2004 several industry sources estimated rush 's total worldwide album sales at over 40 million units .	labels:Riaa website although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single entity, as of 2004 several industry sources estimated rush's total worldwide album sales at over 40 million units. 	episode_done:True
text:he has also appeared in many highly-acclaimed television dramas such as the lakes , state of play and two bafta award-winning serials ; clocking off and sex traffic .	labels:He has also appeared in many highly-acclaimed television dramas such as the lakes, state of play and two bafta award-winning serials; clocking off and sex traffic. 	episode_done:True
text:the alexandrian life of aeschylus indicates that the playwright took the first prize at the city dionysia thirteen times .	labels:The alexandrian life of aeschylus indicates that the writer took the first prize at the city dionysia thirteen times. 	episode_done:True
text:it fared much better than the rocker , opening at # 2 .	labels:It fared much better than the rocker, opening at # 2. 	episode_done:True
text:stuart buchanan as humbert the huntsman : despite his status as the queen 's assassin , the huntsman can not bear to kill snow white , even when the queen orders him to take the princess 's heart .	labels:Stuart buchanan as humbert the huntsman: despite his status as the queen's killer, the huntsman can not bear to kill snow white, even when the queen orders him to take the princess's heart. 	episode_done:True
text:microsoft phased out all development of its java virtual machine -lrb- jvm -rrb- from windows 2000 in sp3 .	labels:Microsoft phased out all development of its java virtual machine -lrb- jvm -rrb- from windows 2000 in sp3. 	episode_done:True
text:history the district was formed in 1994 by merging the two previous districts marienberg and zschopau .	labels:History the district was formed in 1994 by merging the two previous districts marienberg and zschopau. 	episode_done:True
text:after gathering a list of names from fans and conducting an online poll , the feature was named ecw x-stream on october 31 , 2007 .	labels:After gathering a list of names from fans and conducting an online poll, the feature was named ecw x-stream on october 31, 2007. 	episode_done:True
text:after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .	labels:After graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local greenhouse and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra. 	episode_done:True
text:it is theorized that they made up for this deficiency by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba .	labels:It is theorized that they made up for this absence by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba. 	episode_done:True
text:it was formerly one of the products of gasworks .	labels:It was formerly one of the products of gasworks. 	episode_done:True
text:he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .	labels:He served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948. 	episode_done:True
text:in respective singles matches , john cena defeated sabu in an extreme lumberjack match , which featured superstars from the raw and ecw brands at ringside .	labels:In respective singles matches, john cena defeated sabu in an extreme lumberjack match. He/She/It/They/There featured superstars from the raw and ecw brands at ringside. 	episode_done:True
text:given these assumptions it is possible to calculate how often they can fail and to arrange the array to make data loss arbitrarily improbable .	labels:Given these assumptions it is possible to calculate how often they can fail and to arrange the array to make data loss arbitrarily incredible. 	episode_done:True
text:nearctic -lrb- 1954 1973 -rrb- was an canadian-bred hall of fame thoroughbred racehorse .	labels:Nearctic -lrb- 1954 1973 -rrb- was an canadian-bred hall of fame thoroughbred racehorse. 	episode_done:True
text:du pré performed with the most prestigious orchestras and conductors , including the berlin philharmonic orchestra , london symphony , london philharmonic , new philharmonia orchestra , bbc symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , philadelphia orchestra , israel philharmonic , and the los angeles philharmonic orchestra .	labels:Du pré performed with the most distinguished orchestras and conductors, including the berlin philharmonic orchestra, london symphony, london philharmonic, new philharmonia orchestra, bbc symphony orchestra, new york philharmonic, philadelphia orchestra, israel philharmonic, and the los angeles philharmonic orchestra. 	episode_done:True
text:purposes of cleanliness include health , beauty , absence of offensive odor , avoidance of shame , and to avoid the spreading of dirt and contaminants to oneself and others .	labels:Purposes of cleanliness include health, beauty, absence of offensive odor, avoidance of shame, and to avoid the spreading of dirt and contaminants to oneself and others. 	episode_done:True
text:the " angels " name originates from the city that was their original home , los angeles .	labels:The `` angels `` name originates from the city that was their original home, los angeles. 	episode_done:True
text:it was occupied by the romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century bce .	labels:It was occupied by the romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century bce. 	episode_done:True
text:this loose alliance became a margravate under the bohemian crown in 1378 .	labels:This loose alliance became a margravate under the bohemian crown in 1378. 	episode_done:True
text:cognition is the scientific term for " the process of thought " .	labels:Cognition is the scientific term for `` the process of thought ``. 	episode_done:True
text:banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on august 23 debby attained a peak intensity of 50 mph -lrb- 85 km / h -rrb- over the open waters of the atlantic ocean .	labels:Banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened, and on august 23 debby attained a peak intensity of 50 mph -lrb- 85 km / h -rrb- over the open waters of the atlantic ocean. 	episode_done:True
text:after being transferred to the town of blakeley in 1810 , the county seat was later moved to the city of daphne in 1868 .	labels:After being transferred to the town of blakeley in 1810, the county seat was later moved to the city of daphne in 1868. 	episode_done:True
text:the wiic calls still reside in pittsburgh , but on a low-powered independent station airing music videos .	labels:The wiic calls still reside in pittsburgh, but on a low-powered independent station airing music videos. 	episode_done:True
text:30 seconds to mars has received three awards from four nominations .	labels:30 seconds to mars has received three awards from four nominations. 	episode_done:True
text:benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .	labels:Benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 mb memory utilization. 	episode_done:True
text:the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .	labels:The montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal, quebec, canada. 	episode_done:True
text:description in a multiprocessor system executing a single set of instructions -lrb- simd -rrb- , data parallelism is achieved when each processor performs the same task on different pieces of distributed data .	labels:Description in a multiprocessor system executing a single set of instructions -lrb- simd -rrb-, data parallelism is achieved when each processor performs the same task on different pieces of distributed data. 	episode_done:True
text:on october 16 , 1990 , the un general assembly decided to grant the icrc observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings , the first observer status given to a private organization .	labels:On october 16, 1990, the un general assembly decided to grant the icrc observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings, the first observer status given to a private organization. 	episode_done:True
text:with the help of an albatross named orville , the mice fly to the bayou , and meet a dragonfly named evinrude , who speeds them in a leaf to the ship where penny is held .	labels:With the help of an albatross named orville, the mice fly to the bayou, and meet a dragonfly named evinrude. He/She/It/They/There speeds them in a leaf to the ship where penny is held. 	episode_done:True
text:inductors are also employed in electrical transmission systems , where they are used to depress voltages from lightning strikes and to limit switching currents and fault current .	labels:Inductors are also employed in electrical transmission systems. He/She/It/They/There they are used to depress voltages from lightning strikes and to limit switching currents and fault current. 	episode_done:True
text:when disagreement occurs , explain yourself using talk pages , and give others the opportunity to do the same .	labels:When row occurs, explain yourself using talk pages, and give others the opportunity to do the same. 	episode_done:True
text:jörg heinrich -lrb- born december 6 , 1969 in rathenow -rrb- is a german football defender .	labels:Jörg heinrich -lrb- born december 6, 1969 in rathenow -rrb- is a german football defender. 	episode_done:True
text:it is a commonly stolen street sign .	labels:It is a commonly stolen street sign. 	episode_done:True
text:these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .	labels:These works he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work. 	episode_done:True
text:characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .	labels:Characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition. 	episode_done:True
text:the empire of nicaea succeeded in capturing constantinople and the rest of the latin empire , thus re-establishing the byzantine empire .	labels:The empire of nicaea succeeded in capturing constantinople and the rest of the latin empire, thus re-establishing the byzantine empire. 	episode_done:True
text:food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in domestic cooking .	labels:Food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in domestic cooking. 	episode_done:True
text:for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .	labels:For example, king bhumibol was born on monday, so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color. 	episode_done:True
text:the following is a comparative table classifying the moons of the solar system by diameter .	labels:The following is a comparative table classifying the moons of the solar system by diameter. 	episode_done:True
text:finally , the town had no cultural life that could offer competition to wagner 's own artistic dominance .	labels:Finally, the town had no cultural life that could offer competition to wagner's own artistic power. 	episode_done:True
text:the battle began a seven-year war which established the rhine as the boundary of the roman empire for the next four hundred years , until the decline of the roman influence in the west .	labels:The battle began a seven-year war which established the rhine as the boundary of the roman empire for the next four hundred years, until the decline of the roman influence in the west. 	episode_done:True
text:he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .	labels:He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles. Also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline. 	episode_done:True
text:the film is mainly based on robert drewe 's book our sunshine .	labels:The film is mainly based on robert drewe's book our sunshine. 	episode_done:True
text:he chose as his episcopal motto -lrb- " obedience and peace " -rrb- , which became his guiding motto .	labels:He chose as his episcopal saying -lrb- `` submission and peace `` -rrb- He/She/It/They/There became his guiding saying. 	episode_done:True
text:he was nominated a cardinal priest , of the title of santa maria nuova , on 18 february 1946 .	labels:He was nominated a cardinal priest, of the title of santa maria nuova, on 18 february 1946. 	episode_done:True
text:backstory the general plot of the game is that a team of four , an alien , a human , an android , and a psionic , have left earth aboard a spacecraft on the basis of the planet 's imminent destruction .	labels:Backstory the general plot of the game is that a team of four, an alien, a human, an android, and a psionic, have left earth aboard a spacecraft on the basis of the planet's close destruction. 	episode_done:True
text:at the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that the establishment of thalamocortical connections -lrb- at about 26 weeks -rrb- is a critical event with regard to fetal perception of pain .	labels:At the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that the establishment of thalamocortical connections -lrb- at about 26 weeks -rrb- is a critical event with regard to fetal perception of pain. 	episode_done:True
text:the track , then known as " loving you " , was largely improvisational and featured a wealth of sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays , nature sounds , and minnie riperton 's " lovin ' you " .	labels:The track, then known as `` loving you ``, was largely improvisational and featured a wealth of sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays, nature sounds, and minnie riperton's `` lovin ' you ``. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .	labels:In 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame. 	episode_done:True
text:brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria-style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .	labels:Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store. 	episode_done:True
text:according to a letter sent to his church , he and his doctors believed that the cancer was fully treatable .	labels:According to a letter sent to his church, he and his doctors believed that the cancer was fully treatable. 	episode_done:True
text:adjacent counties are marin -lrb- to the south -rrb- , mendocino -lrb- to the north -rrb- , lake -lrb- northeast -rrb- , napa -lrb- to the east -rrb- , and solano and contra costa -lrb- to the southeast -rrb- .	labels:Adjacent counties are marin -lrb- to the south -rrb-, mendocino -lrb- to the north -rrb-, lake -lrb- northeast -rrb-, napa -lrb- to the east -rrb-, and solano and contra costa -lrb- to the southeast -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:name the band came up with the name by flicking through the bible and picking out a random word .	labels:Name the band came up with the name by flicking through the bible and picking out a random word. 	episode_done:True
text:he proceeded to score in celtic 's 1 0 uefa champions league win against copenhagen from the penalty spot and netted two in the 3 0 win over benfica .	labels:He proceeded to score in celtic's 1 0 uefa champions league win against copenhagen from the penalty spot and netted two in the 3 0 win over benfica. 	episode_done:True
text:direct mechanical power transmission required that industries using hydropower had to locate near the waterfall .	labels:Direct mechanical power transmission required that industries using hydropower had to locate near the shower. 	episode_done:True
text:at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .	labels:At four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children. 	episode_done:True
text:by 1870 , more than 2,000 children were being accommodated in five homes .	labels:By 1870, more than 2,000 children were being accommodated in five homes. 	episode_done:True
text:rainfall comes only 2-3 times a year , never exceeding 20 mm .	labels:Rainfall comes only 2-3 times a year, never exceeding 20 mm. 	episode_done:True
text:john paul stevens -lrb- born april 20 , 1920 -rrb- is the senior associate justice of the supreme court of the united states .	labels:John paul stevens -lrb- born april 20, 1920 -rrb- is the senior associate justice of the supreme court of the united states. 	episode_done:True
text:its inaugural concert took place in tel aviv on december 26 , 1936 , and was conducted by arturo toscanini .	labels:Its inaugural concert took place in tel aviv on december 26, 1936, and was conducted by arturo toscanini. 	episode_done:True
text:after reviewing the documents , some historians suggest that adams does not deserve equal credit with le verrier .	labels:After reviewing the documents, some historians suggest that adams does not deserve equal credit with le verrier. 	episode_done:True
text:the monastery was entirely rebuilt by lord smbat of the house of orbelian , a branch of the liparitids who were expelled to armenia in the late 12th century from georgia .	labels:The cell was entirely rebuilt by lord smbat of the house of orbelian, a branch of the liparitids who were expelled to armenia in the late 12th century from georgia. 	episode_done:True
text:design philosophies two basic designs exist : event-driven -lrb- priority scheduling -rrb- designs switch tasks only when an event of higher priority needs service , called pre-emptive priority .	labels:Design philosophies two basic designs exist: event-driven -lrb- priority scheduling -rrb- designs switch tasks only when an event of higher priority needs service, called pre-emptive priority. 	episode_done:True
text:however , by the close of the 19th century , the 9th edition was outdated and the britannica faced significant financial difficulties .	labels:However, by the close of the 19th century, the 9th edition was outdated and the britannica faced significant financial difficulties. 	episode_done:True
text:it was first published on 16 november 1998 in the united kingdom , although the first united states edition did not follow until march 1999 .	labels:It was first published on 16 november 1998 in the united kingdom, although the first united states edition did not follow until march 1999. 	episode_done:True
text:heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .	labels:Heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters. 	episode_done:True
text:saint-victoret is a commune in the bouches-du-rhône department in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in southern france .	labels:Saint-Victoret is a commune in the bouches-du-rhône department in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in southern france. 	episode_done:True
text:a fundamental connection was noticed between the module theory , and the p-adic l-functions that were defined in the 1960s by kubota and leopoldt .	labels:A fundamental connection was noticed between the module theory, and the p-adic l-functions that were defined in the 1960s by kubota and leopoldt. 	episode_done:True
text:religion the religion of teotihuacan is similar to those of other mesoamerican cultures .	labels:Religion the religion of teotihuacan is similar to those of other mesoamerican cultures. 	episode_done:True
text:the bridge is administered by the thousand islands bridge authority , an international agency .	labels:The bridge is administered by the thousand islands bridge authority, an international agency. 	episode_done:True
text:johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .	labels:Johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall, but quit before the band ever released a studio album. 	episode_done:True
text:since 1980 the senior pastor has been john piper .	labels:Since 1980 the senior pastor has been john piper. 	episode_done:True
text:the possibility remained that liquid ethane and methane might be found on titan 's poles , where it was expected to be abundant and stable .	labels:The possibility remained that liquid ethane and methane might be found on titan's poles. He/She/It/They/There it was expected to be abundant and stable. 	episode_done:True
text:it consists of seven or eight stages and oscillates around 1,200km in length .	labels:It consists of seven or eight stages and oscillates around 1,200km in length. 	episode_done:True
text:honduras -lrb- , -rrb- is a republic in central america .	labels:Honduras -lrb-, -rrb- is a republic in central america. 	episode_done:True
text:the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .	labels:The company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald's `` wendy's confirms tim hortons ipo by march ``, ottawa business journal, december 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald's canadian operations as of 2002. 	episode_done:True
text:pretoria previously had a rather sinister image as " the capital of apartheid south africa " .	labels:Pretoria previously had a rather sinister image as `` the capital of apartheid south africa ``. 	episode_done:True
text:therefore , beliefs are not totally consistent from one baptist church to another , especially beliefs that may be considered minor .	labels:Therefore, beliefs are not totally consistent from one baptist church to another, especially beliefs that may be considered minor. 	episode_done:True
text:if you absolutely must specify a font size , use a relative size like font-size : 80 % , not an absolute size like font-size : 8pt .	labels:If you absolutely must specify a font size, use a relative size like font-size: 80 %, not an absolute size like font-size: 8pt. 	episode_done:True
text:since then , the medal has been awarded 1,356 times to 1,353 individual recipients .	labels:Since then, the medal has been awarded 1,356 times to 1,353 individual recipients. 	episode_done:True
text:the vc was introduced on 29 january 1856 by queen victoria to reward acts of valour during the crimean war .	labels:The vc was introduced on 29 january 1856 by queen victoria to reward acts of courage during the crimean war. 	episode_done:True
text:almahala tripoli is a libyan football club based in tripoli , libya .	labels:Almahala tripoli is a libyan football club based in tripoli, libya. 	episode_done:True
text:this has the advantage of evenly distributed spatial resolution without singularities -lrb- i.e. the poles -rrb- at the expense of somewhat greater numerical difficulty .	labels:This has the advantage of evenly distributed spatial resolution without singularities -lrb- i.e. The poles -rrb- at the expense of somewhat greater numerical difficulty. 	episode_done:True
text:the rpg-26 aglen is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the soviet union .	labels:The rpg-26 aglen is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the soviet union. 	episode_done:True
text:the name was originally used in reference to pesos oro -lrb- gold weights -rrb- or pesos plata -lrb- silver weights -rrb- .	labels:The name was originally used in reference to pesos oro -lrb- gold weights -rrb- or pesos plata -lrb- silver weights -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:the precursor to hurricane beulah was a tropical wave moving across the tropical atlantic .	labels:The father to hurricane beulah was a tropical wave moving across the tropical atlantic. 	episode_done:True
text:the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	labels:The amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries. 	episode_done:True
text:pueblos are traditional communities of native americans in the southwestern united states of america .	labels:Pueblos are traditional communities of native americans in the southwestern united states of america. 	episode_done:True
text:the spot was observed at different times with different sizes and shapes .	labels:The spot was observed at different times with different sizes and shapes. 	episode_done:True
text:his work is often cited as the basis and motive for contemporary patriots and national activists .	labels:His work is often cited as the basis and reason for contemporary patriots and national activists. 	episode_done:True
text:music storage and marketing digital audio files can be transported from one computer to another like any other file , and played on a compatible media player -lrb- with caveats for drm-locked files -rrb- .	labels:Music storage and marketing digital audio files can be transported from one computer to another like any other file, and played on a compatible media player -lrb- with caveats for drm-locked files -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:george walker bush -lrb- ; born july 6 , 1946 -rrb- served as the 43rd president of the united states from 2001 to 2009 .	labels:George walker bush -lrb-; born july 6, 1946 -rrb- served as the 43rd president of the united states from 2001 to 2009. 	episode_done:True
text:the film premiered in mexico city on december 21 , 1944 .	labels:The film premiered in mexico city on december 21, 1944. 	episode_done:True
text:the san antonio spurs are an american professional basketball team based in san antonio , texas .	labels:The san antonio spurs are an american professional basketball team based in san antonio, texas. 	episode_done:True
text:the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .	labels:The word cereal derives from ceres, the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture. 	episode_done:True
text:the old testament 's examples of killings sanctioned by god are often cited in defense of the view that " murder " is a more accurate translation .	labels:The old testament's examples of killings sanctioned by god are often cited in defense of the view that `` murder `` is a more accurate translation. 	episode_done:True
text:the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .	labels:The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous which adhere to it. He/She/It/They/There both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites. 	episode_done:True
text:her mother wanted her to leave school and marry , but she rebelled .	labels:Her mother wanted her to leave school and marry. She rebelled. 	episode_done:True
text:the low gradually became better organized and was determined to have become a tropical depression the next morning while located 50 mi -lrb- 80 km -rrb- northeast of the nicaragua / honduras border .	labels:The low gradually became better organized and was determined to have become a tropical depression the next morning while located 50 mi -lrb- 80 km -rrb- northeast of the nicaragua / honduras border. 	episode_done:True
text:shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .	labels:Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law. Inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing their premature migration, and his separation from them. 	episode_done:True
text:it is a rather short book , in both jewish and christian scripture , consisting of only four chapters .	labels:It is a rather short book, in both jewish and christian scripture, consisting of only four chapters. 	episode_done:True
text:negotiations are also under way with a number of other states .	labels:Negotiations are also under way with a number of other states. 	episode_done:True
text:seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .	labels:Seventh sons have strong `` knacks `` -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb-, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful. 	episode_done:True
text:to provide water for its steam locomotives , the commissioners decided to provide a dam and pump water from it to a facility , known as young tank , at the post .	labels:To provide water for its steam locomotives, the commissioners decided to provide a dam and pump water from it to a facility, known as young tank, at the post. 	episode_done:True
text:for example she frequently sings traditional songs with a piano accompaniment .	labels:For example she frequently sings traditional songs with a piano support. 	episode_done:True
text:in 2001 , he was enshrined in the college football hall of fame .	labels:In 2001, he was enshrined in the college football hall of fame. 	episode_done:True
text:biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy , but should be distinguished from folk taxonomy , which lacks scientific basis .	labels:Biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy, but should be distinguished from folk taxonomy. He/She/It/They/There lacks scientific basis. 	episode_done:True
text:from 1911 on , rij-rousseau exhibited her works in salon d ' automne , salon des indépendants and salon tuileries .	labels:From 1911 on, rij-rousseau exhibited her works in salon d ' automne, salon des indépendants and salon tuileries. 	episode_done:True
text:helene transitioned into a " hybrid " storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon , with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric , frontal-like appearance .	labels:Helene transitioned into a `` hybrid `` storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon, with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric, frontal-like appearance. 	episode_done:True
text:the st andrew , also called the badge-appendant , is worn suspended from the collar .	labels:The st andrew, also called the badge-appendant, is worn suspended from the collar. 	episode_done:True
text:live at wembley ' 86 is a double compact disc live album by english rock band queen .	labels:Live at wembley ' 86 is a double compact disc live album by english rock band queen. 	episode_done:True
text:a small community formed that same year about 4 miles -lrb- 6 km -rrb- east of the present city .	labels:A small community formed that same year about 4 miles -lrb- 6 km -rrb- east of the present city. 	episode_done:True
text:the genome includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna .	labels:The genome includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1855 parts of nash county , edgecombe county , johnston county , and wayne county were combined to form wilson county , north carolina .	labels:In 1855 parts of nash county, edgecombe county, johnston county, and wayne county were combined to form wilson county, north carolina. 	episode_done:True
text:months pass , and tod and copper reach adulthood .	labels:Months pass, and tod and copper reach adulthood. 	episode_done:True
text:suggested etiologies of the name " kavirondo " include from local young warriors , armed with spears , bows , arrows , & clubs , who were observed to sit on their heels , which in kiswahili is kaa virondo .	labels:Suggested etiologies of the name `` kavirondo `` include from local young warriors, armed with spears, bows, arrows, & clubs which in kiswahili is kaa virondo. He/She/It/They/There were observed to sit on their heels. 	episode_done:True
text:instead , the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .	labels:Instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the `` hovercraft `` and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita. 	episode_done:True
text:the river is also potentially valuable for hydroelectric power , and the inga dams below pool malebo are first to exploit the river .	labels:The river is also potentially valuable for hydroelectric power, and the inga dams below pool malebo are first to use the river. 	episode_done:True
text:the prisoners sentenced to incarceration were transferred to spandau prison in 1947 .	labels:The prisoners sentenced to custody were transferred to spandau prison in 1947. 	episode_done:True
text:on june 24 1979 -lrb- the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb- , glinde received its town charter .	labels:On june 24 1979 -lrb- the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb-, glinde received its town charter. 	episode_done:True
text:national symbols intend to unite people by creating visual , verbal , or iconic representations of the national people , values , goals , or history .	labels:National symbols intend to unite people by creating visual, verbal, or iconic representations of the national people, values, goals, or history. 	episode_done:True
text:the family moved to vienna in 1907 where it changed the czech slavic name of " zajtich " to the invented german " seyss-inquart " .	labels:The family moved to vienna in 1907 where it changed the czech slavic name of `` zajtich `` to the invented german `` seyss-inquart ``. 	episode_done:True
text:joe byrne commenced school at the catholic school at woolshed in 1862 .	labels:Joe byrne commenced school at the catholic school at woolshed in 1862. 	episode_done:True
text:john lennon and yoko ono conduct their bed-in at the queen elizabeth hotel in montreal , quebec .	labels:John lennon. Yoko ono conduct their bed-in at the queen elizabeth hotel in montreal, quebec. 	episode_done:True
text:however , he was criticised for the un 's failure to act during the 1994 rwandan genocide , which officially left over 1 million people dead , and he appeared unable to muster support in the un for intervention in the continuing angolan civil war .	labels:However, he was criticised for the un's failure to act during the 1994 rwandan elimination. He/She/It/They/There officially left over 1 million people dead. He appeared unable to muster support in the un for intervention in the continuing angolan civil war. 	episode_done:True
text:music musical numbers follows is a listing of the thirty-three compositions written by members of the beatles that are heard on the soundtrack , in the order featured in the film .	labels:Music musical numbers follows is a listing of the thirty-three compositions written by members of the beatles that are heard on the soundtrack, in the order featured in the film. 	episode_done:True
text:the black core of pencils is still referred to as " lead " , even though it never contained the element lead .	labels:The black core of pencils is still referred to as `` lead ``, even though it never contained the element lead. 	episode_done:True
text:macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something -lrb- usually involving his personal life -rrb- that makes him run out of time .	labels:Macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to disable the bomb. He is later distracted by something -lrb- usually involving his personal life -rrb- that makes him run out of time. 	episode_done:True
text:a dogfight , or dog fight , is aerial combat between fighter aircraft .	labels:A dogfight, or dog fight, is aerial combat between fighter aircraft. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1838 thomas icely requested that a village be established to service his large pastoral estate .	labels:In 1838 thomas icely requested that a village be established to service his large pastoral estate. 	episode_done:True
text:his baptism followed on may 3 in the river lark , at isleham .	labels:His baptism followed on may 3 in the river lark, at isleham. 	episode_done:True
text:a report written by the district nazi leader , hermann engst , shows that authorities were planning to punish kellner at the conclusion of the war .	labels:A report written by the district nazi leader, hermann engst, shows that authorities were planning to discipline kellner at the conclusion of the war. 	episode_done:True
text:in the 1920s and early 1930s he frequently worked with the london symphony orchestra .	labels:In the 1920s and early 1930s he frequently worked with the london symphony orchestra. 	episode_done:True
text:he is considered to be the most important sculptor of the spanish renaissance , and is known for his emotive sculptures depicting religious ecstasy or torment .	labels:He is considered to be the most important sculptor of the spanish renaissance, and is known for his difficult sculptures depicting religious ecstasy or torment. 	episode_done:True
text:for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery , and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates selflessness and compassion .	labels:For rowling, this scene is important because it shows harry's balls, and by retrieving cedric's body, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion. 	episode_done:True
text:in remembrance of the old tradition , the axel springer press company erected its german headquarters at kochstraße again , right next to the berlin wall .	labels:In remembrance of the old tradition, the axel springer press company erected its german headquarters at kochstraße again, right next to the berlin wall. 	episode_done:True
text:biochemistry is the study of the chemical processes in living organisms .	labels:Biochemistry is the study of the chemical processes in living organisms. 	episode_done:True
text:coconuts from various parts of the world also differ in taste .	labels:Coconuts from various parts of the world also differ in taste. 	episode_done:True
text:unusually , the publishers of winning works are honored with a certificate .	labels:Unusually, the publishers of winning works are honored with a certificate. 	episode_done:True
text:their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .	labels:Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood. 	episode_done:True
text:it was directed by australian baz luhrmann and stars leonardo dicaprio and claire danes in the eponymous roles .	labels:It was directed by australian baz luhrmann. Stars leonardo dicaprio and claire danes in the eponymous roles. 	episode_done:True
text:charts " mobile " was released only in australia and new zealand .	labels:Charts `` mobile `` was released only in australia and new zealand. 	episode_done:True
text:he took the post of chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957 .	labels:He took the post of chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957. 	episode_done:True
text:to make space for more agricultural land , large areas of forest were cut down , taking away its habitat .	labels:To make space for more agricultural land, large areas of forest were cut down, taking away its habitat. 	episode_done:True
text:in geology , a supercontinent is a landmass comprising more than one continental core , or craton .	labels:In geology, a supercontinent is a landmass comprising more than one continental core, or craton. 	episode_done:True
text:of the seven candidates , he topped each of the four straw polls conducted by the united nations security council : on 24 july , 14 september , 28 september , and 2 october .	labels:Of the seven candidates, he topped each of the four straw polls conducted by the united nations security council: on 24 july, 14 september, 28 september, and 2 october. 	episode_done:True
text:streets were designated " east " or " west " if they crossed james street or highway 6 .	labels:Streets were designated `` east `` or `` west `` if they crossed james street or highway 6. 	episode_done:True
text:it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .	labels:It is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person. 	episode_done:True
text:one of its new attractions , the triple hurricane roller coaster , was named for the tumultuous storm season .	labels:One of its new attractions, the triple hurricane roller coaster, was named for the loud storm season. 	episode_done:True
text:tpl then sold a conservation easement over the entire property to the state of florida , while polk county purchased the gardens portion of the property , less the development rights conveyed in the state easement .	labels:Tpl then sold a conservation easement over the entire property to the state of florida, while polk county purchased the gardens portion of the property, less the development rights conveyed in the state easement. 	episode_done:True
text:preparations were pushed ahead for an armed revolt , and he was made commandant of the third battalion and adjutant of the dublin brigade .	labels:Preparations were pushed ahead for an armed revolt. He was made commandant of the third unit and adjutant of the dublin brigade. 	episode_done:True
text:bonham carter made her film debut in the k. m. peyton film , a pattern of roses , before appearing in her first leading role in lady jane .	labels:Bonham carter made her film debut in the k. m. peyton film, a pattern of roses, before appearing in her first leading role in lady jane. 	episode_done:True
text:this was a quite sensitive topic at the time , since poland was concerned that someday a german government would seek to reclaim some of this traditionally germany territory given to poland after world war ii .	labels:This was a quite sensitive topic at the time, since poland was concerned that someday a german government would seek to reclaim some of this traditionally germany territory given to poland after world war ii. 	episode_done:True
text:jacques rené chirac -lrb- born 29 november 1932 -rrb- served as the president of france from 17 may 1995 until 16 may 2007 .	labels:Jacques rené chirac -lrb- born 29 november 1932 -rrb- served as the president of france from 17 may 1995 until 16 may 2007. 	episode_done:True
text:thalassa is irregularly shaped and shows no sign of any geological modification .	labels:Thalassa is irregularly shaped and shows no sign of any geological modification. 	episode_done:True
text:palestinian prime minister abbas resigns -lrb- cnn -rrb- before being named prime minister , abbas led the plo 's negotiations affairs department .	labels:Palestinian prime minister abbas resigns -lrb- cnn -rrb- before being named prime minister, abbas led the plo's negotiations affairs department. 	episode_done:True
text:the organic matter in soil derives from plants and animals .	labels:The organic matter in soil derives from plants and animals. 	episode_done:True
text:the contemporary status of the mandaeans has prompted a number of american intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community .	labels:The contemporary status of the mandaeans has prompted a number of american intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community. 	episode_done:True
text:waterson took the labour whip in parliament .	labels:Waterson took the labour whip in parliament. 	episode_done:True
text:cultivation of the valencia in orange county had all but ceased by the mid-1990s due to rising property costs , which drove most of what remained of the southern california orange industry into florida .	labels:Cultivation of the valencia in orange county had all but ceased by the mid-1990s due to rising property costs. He/She/It/They/There drove most of what remained of the southern california orange industry into florida. 	episode_done:True
text:a dark albedo feature about across has been named olbers in honour of vesta 's discoverer , but it does not appear in elevation maps as a fresh crater would , and its nature is presently unknown , perhaps an old basaltic surface .	labels:A dark albedo feature about across has been named olbers in honour of vesta's explorer. It does not appear in elevation maps as a fresh crater would, and its nature is presently unknown, perhaps an old basaltic surface. 	episode_done:True
text:a fugue forms the development section of the last movement of his piano sonata op .	labels:A fugue forms the development section of the last movement of his piano sonata op. 	episode_done:True
text:burrendong arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered australian flora and covers 1.60 km ² .	labels:Burrendong arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered australian flora and covers 1.60 km ². 	episode_done:True
text:2002 : shuttle bus service is replaced by the suspended monorail called the skytrain connects the terminal building with the intercity train station .	labels:2002: shuttle bus service is replaced by the suspended monorail called the skytrain connects the terminal building with the intercity train station. 	episode_done:True
text:the aes ciphers have been analyzed extensively and are now used worldwide , as was the case with its predecessor , the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .	labels:The aes ciphers have been analyzed extensively and are now used worldwide, as was the case with its predecessor, the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:koxinga proceeded to devote himself to building taiwan into an effective base for anti-qing dynasty sympathizers who wanted to restore the ming dynasty to power .	labels:Koxinga proceeded to give himself to building taiwan into an effective base for anti-qing dynasty sympathizers who wanted to restore the ming family to power. 	episode_done:True
text:the term country code frequently refers to international dialing codes , the e.164 country calling codes .	labels:The term country code frequently refers to international dialing codes, the e.164 country calling codes. 	episode_done:True
text:tonnerre yaoundé are a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- club based in yaoundé , cameroon .	labels:Tonnerre yaoundé are a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- club based in yaoundé, cameroon. 	episode_done:True
text:in a departure from his usual repertoire , he sang " you ' ll never walk alone " from the broadway musical carousel at the berlin live 8 concert in 2005 .	labels:In a departure from his usual range, he sang `` you ' ll never walk alone `` from the broadway musical carousel at the berlin live 8 concert in 2005. 	episode_done:True
text:like most brooms , it has apparently leafless stems that in spring and summer are covered in profuse golden-yellow flowers .	labels:Like most brooms, it has apparently leafless stems that in spring. Summer are covered in profuse golden-yellow flowers. 	episode_done:True
text:that is , the term is defined negatively and does not presuppose a genetic relationship .	labels:That is, the term is defined negatively and does not require a genetic relationship. 	episode_done:True
text:they run 20 hours a day , 364 days a year , with 95 % of them operational at any one time , and can cope with 13,000 passengers per hour .	labels:They run 20 hours a day, 364 days a year, with 95 % of them operational at any one time, and can cope with 13,000 passengers per hour. 	episode_done:True
text:railways the location of the town in the bottom of a steep valley counted against it for railway construction .	labels:Railways the location of the town in the bottom of a steep valley counted against it for railway construction. 	episode_done:True
text:usucha creates a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .	labels:Usucha creates a lighter and slightly more bitter tea. 	episode_done:True
text:like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .	labels:Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups. 	episode_done:True
text:san francisco bay is located in the u.s. state of california , surrounded by a contiguous region known as the san francisco bay area , dominated by the large cities san francisco , oakland and san jose .	labels:San francisco bay is located in the u.s. state of california, surrounded by a close region known as the san francisco bay area, dominated by the large cities san francisco, oakland and san jose. 	episode_done:True
text:the rotational period of the interior of uranus is 17 hours , 14 minutes .	labels:The rotational period of the interior of uranus is 17 hours, 14 minutes. 	episode_done:True
text:the village phone -lrb- polli phone -rrb- project of gp has brought cell-phone ownership to 260,000 rural poor in over 50,000 villages since the beginning of the project in march 1997 .	labels:The village phone -lrb- polli phone -rrb- project of gp has brought cell-phone ownership to 260,000 rural poor in over 50,000 villages since the beginning of the project in march 1997. 	episode_done:True
text:the exact nature of the transforming principle -lrb- dna -rrb- was verified in the experiments done by avery , mcleod and mccarty and by hershey and chase .	labels:The exact nature of the transforming principle -lrb- dna -rrb- was verified in the experiments done by avery, mcleod and mccarty and by hershey and chase. 	episode_done:True
text:weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .	labels:Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour. 	episode_done:True
text:etymology this bird 's name commemorates the american ornithologist george newbold lawrence .	labels:Etymology this bird's name commemorates the american ornithologist george newbold lawrence. 	episode_done:True
text:he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .	labels:He was diagnosed with terminal abdominal cancer in april 1999. 	episode_done:True
text:some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .	labels:Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga. 	episode_done:True
text:marcel junod -lrb- 1904-1961 -rrb- , a physician from geneva , was another famous delegate during the second world war .	labels:Marcel junod -lrb- 1904-1961 -rrb-, a physician from geneva, was another famous delegate during the second world war. 	episode_done:True
text:it has been suggested that vättern is the largest body of potable water in the world .	labels:It has been suggested that vättern is the largest body of potable water in the world. 	episode_done:True
text:punt road underpasses directly under the station via a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue .	labels:Punt road underpasses directly under the station via a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue. 	episode_done:True
text:a supermassive black hole is a black hole with a mass of the order of between 105 and 1010 solar masses .	labels:A supermassive black hole is a black hole with a mass of the order of between 105 and 1010 solar masses. 	episode_done:True
text:members of the decavalcante family believed themselves to be the inspiration for the dimeo family .	labels:Members of the decavalcante family believed themselves to be the inspiration for the dimeo family. 	episode_done:True
text:in june 2001 , the angle grew in intensity as the wwf storylines somewhat abated to make room for the central invasion storyline .	labels:In june 2001, the angle grew in intensity as the wwf storylines somewhat abated to make room for the central invasion storyline. 	episode_done:True
text:the game also features co-operative play -lrb- co-op -rrb- which allows players to complete the story based single player mode together .	labels:The game also features co-operative play -lrb- co-op -rrb- which allows players to complete the story based single player mode together. 	episode_done:True
text:many other authors of this period described eastern mediterranean cooking in greek and in latin .	labels:Many other authors of this period described eastern mediterranean cooking in greek and in latin. 	episode_done:True
text:the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .	labels:The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely. 	episode_done:True
text:the term is generally applied to all of morocco , algeria , and tunisia , but in older arabic usage pertained only to the area of the three countries between the high ranges of the atlas mountains and the mediterranean sea .	labels:The term is generally applied to all of morocco, algeria, and tunisia, but in older arabic usage pertained only to the area of the three countries between the high ranges of the atlas mountains and the mediterranean sea. 	episode_done:True
text:it is the established convention of the scientific community to define the vitreous electrification as positive , and the resinous electrification as negative .	labels:It is the established convention of the scientific community to define the vitreous electrification as positive, and the resinous electrification as negative. 	episode_done:True
text:the saugor and nerbudda territories were attached to the north-western provinces , which included the british dominions in the southern portion of present-day uttar pradesh state .	labels:The saugor and nerbudda territories were attached to the north-western provinces. He/She/It/They/There included the british dominions in the southern portion of present-day uttar pradesh state. 	episode_done:True
text:chianti superiore chianti superiore is an italian docg wine produced in the provinces of arezzo , florence , pisa , pistoia , prato and siena , in tuscany .	labels:Chianti superiore chianti superiore is an italian docg wine produced in the provinces of arezzo, florence, pisa, pistoia, prato and siena, in tuscany. 	episode_done:True
text:it comprises the eastern half of the island of timor , the nearby islands of atauro and jaco , and oecussi-ambeno , an exclave on the northwestern side of the island , within indonesian west timor .	labels:It comprises the eastern half of the island of timor, the nearby islands of atauro and jaco, and oecussi-ambeno, an exclave on the northwestern side of the island, within indonesian west timor. 	episode_done:True
text:he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	labels:He died on may 29, 1518 in madrid, spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara. 	episode_done:True
text:the images relayed back to earth from voyager 2 became the basis of a 1989 pbs all-night program , neptune all night .	labels:The images relayed back to earth from voyager 2 became the basis of a 1989 pbs all-night program, neptune all night. 	episode_done:True
text:two and a half men is an american television sitcom , which premiered on cbs on monday , september 22 , 2003 .	labels:Two and a half men is an american television sitcom september 22, 2003. He/She/It/They/There premiered on cbs on monday. 	episode_done:True
text:emmen is a municipality and a town in the northeastern netherlands .	labels:Emmen is a municipality and a town in the northeastern netherlands. 	episode_done:True
text:the first application of this idea in the united states was pioneered by dr. william mosenthal , a surgeon at the dartmouth-hitchcock medical center .	labels:The first application of this idea in the united states was pioneered by dr. william mosenthal, a surgeon at the dartmouth-hitchcock medical center. 	episode_done:True
text:the state 's population is concentrated in south east queensland , which includes the capital brisbane , logan city , ipswich , toowoomba , and the gold and sunshine coasts .	labels:The state's population is concentrated in south east queensland logan city, ipswich, toowoomba, and the gold and sunshine coasts. He/She/It/They/There includes the capital brisbane. 	episode_done:True
text:though he was raised in a devout lutheran household , bergman later stated that he lost his faith at age eight years , and only came to terms with this fact while making winter light .	labels:Though he was raised in a devout lutheran household, bergman later stated that he lost his faith at age eight years. Only came to terms with this fact while making winter light. 	episode_done:True
text:the county 's motto , " we wu n't be druv " , reflects the strong-willed nature of its people in past centuries .	labels:The county's saying, `` we wu n't be druv ``, reflects the strong-willed nature of its people in past centuries. 	episode_done:True
text:taxis are available from hotels and a taxi rank on presidential way , north of city centre shopping centre .	labels:Taxis are available from hotels and a taxi rank on presidential way, north of city centre shopping centre. 	episode_done:True
text:it is the heart of all commercial activities in the country .	labels:It is the heart of all commercial activities in the country. 	episode_done:True
text:in addition to the town gouda in the netherlands , gouda can refer to : gouda -lrb- cheese -rrb- gouda -lrb- pottery -rrb- gouda -lrb- slang -rrb- gouda , south africa , a town in the western cape province of south africa .	labels:In addition to the town gouda in the netherlands, gouda can refer to: gouda -lrb- cheese -rrb- gouda -lrb- pottery -rrb- gouda -lrb- cant -rrb- gouda, south africa, a town in the western cape province of south africa. 	episode_done:True
text:analog is usually thought of in an electrical context ; however , mechanical , pneumatic , hydraulic , and other systems may also convey analog signals .	labels:Analog is usually thought of in an electrical context; however, mechanical, pneumatic, hydraulic, and other systems may also convey analog signals. 	episode_done:True
text:editors have so far released two platinum studio albums , selling over 2 million copies between them worldwide .	labels:Editors have so far released two platinum studio albums, selling over 2 million copies between them worldwide. 	episode_done:True
text:assuming good faith does not prohibit discussion and criticism , but instead editors should not attribute the actions being criticized to malice unless there is specific evidence of malice .	labels:Assuming good faith does not illegal discussion and criticism, but instead editors should not attribute the actions being criticized to malice unless there is specific evidence of revenge. 	episode_done:True
text:a cream background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war european championship .	labels:A cream background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war european championship. 	episode_done:True
text:the satellite has been given the provisional designation s / 2003 -lrb- 130 -rrb- 1 .	labels:The satellite has been given the provisional designation s / 2003 -lrb- 130 -rrb- 1. 	episode_done:True
text:each city and commune has its own mayor -lrb- primar -rrb- and local council -lrb- consiliu local -rrb- .	labels:Each city. Commune has its own mayor -lrb- primar -rrb- and local council -lrb- consiliu local -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:serbian ruler stefan nemanja begins his sole reign .	labels:Serbian leader stefan nemanja begins his sole reign. 	episode_done:True
text:he went on to author the animator 's bible the illusion of life with frank thomas .	labels:He went on to author the animator's bible the fantasy of life with frank thomas. 	episode_done:True
text:neptune is the eighth and outermost-known planet from the sun in the solar system .	labels:Neptune is the eighth and outermost-known planet from the sun in the solar system. 	episode_done:True
text:he attended the general theological seminary and earned his ba in theology and ma from oriel college , oxford university -lrb- 1962 , 1966 -rrb- .	labels:He attended the general theological school and earned his ba in theology and ma from oriel college, oxford university -lrb- 1962, 1966 -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:hurricane epsilon was only the sixth ever atlantic hurricane recorded in december .	labels:Hurricane epsilon was only the sixth ever atlantic hurricane recorded in december. 	episode_done:True
text:castlevania iii : dracula 's curse is the third game in the series ' canon , featuring simon belmont 's ancestor , trevor belmont .	labels:Castlevania iii: dracula's curse is the third game in the series ' canon, featuring simon belmont's ancestor, trevor belmont. 	episode_done:True
text:though not popular , herring roe is sold within many british supermarkets .	labels:Though not popular, herring roe is sold within many british supermarkets. 	episode_done:True
text:geography unna is situated on the route of an ancient salt-trading route , the hellweg road .	labels:Geography unna is situated on the route of an ancient salt-trading route, the hellweg road. 	episode_done:True
text:in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .	labels:In late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four hold stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio. 	episode_done:True
text:after suffering from severe frostbite on the eastern front at the end of 1942 , he served as an offizier für wehrgeistige führung -lrb- political officer -rrb- at the antiaircraft artillery school in altenstadt , near schongau .	labels:After suffering from severe frostbite on the eastern front at the end of 1942, he served as an offizier für wehrgeistige führung -lrb- political officer -rrb- at the antiaircraft battery school in altenstadt, near schongau. 	episode_done:True
text:her active repertoire spans from bach to penderecki , from vivaldi to shostakovitch , containing over 40 works with orchestra and about 60 works of chamber music .	labels:Her active collection spans from bach to penderecki, from vivaldi to shostakovitch, containing over 40 works with orchestra and about 60 works of chamber music. 	episode_done:True
text:during his 22-year career , young established numerous professional pitching records in the majors , some of which have stood for a century .	labels:During his 22-year career, young established numerous professional pitching records in the majors, some of which have stood for a century. 	episode_done:True
text:some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .	labels:Some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia, between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna, do not follow official western australian time. 	episode_done:True
text:the national party , promoting a policy of " change " , won 45 % of the party vote and 59 of the 122 seats in parliament -lrb- two seat overhang -rrb- , a substantial margin over the labour party which won 43 seats .	labels:The national party, promoting a policy of `` change ``, won 45 % of the party vote and 59 of the 122 seats in parliament -lrb- two seat overhang -rrb-, a substantial margin over the labour party which won 43 seats. 	episode_done:True
text:it is particularly famous for the cultivation of kiwifruit .	labels:It is particularly famous for the growing of kiwifruit. 	episode_done:True
text:soy milk -lrb- also called soya milk , soybean milk , or soy juice -rrb- and sometimes referred to as soy drink / beverage is a beverage made from soybeans .	labels:Soy milk -lrb- also called soya milk, soybean milk, or soy juice -rrb- Sometimes referred to as soy drink / beverage is a beverage made from soybeans. 	episode_done:True
text:it crossed the florida peninsula that night , causing the issuance of numerous severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings .	labels:It crossed the florida peninsula that night, causing the issuance of numerous severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings. 	episode_done:True
text:initially the units were coupled cab-to-cab but it was found more practical to couple master nose to slave cab .	labels:Initially the units were coupled cab-to-cab It was found more practical to couple master nose to slave cab. 	episode_done:True
text:to sponsor something is to support an event , activity , person , or organization financially or through the provision of products or services .	labels:To sponsor something is to support an event, activity, person, or organization financially or through the provision of products or services. 	episode_done:True
text:gothic architecture is most familiar as the architecture of many of the great cathedrals , abbeys and parish churches of europe .	labels:Gothic architecture is most familiar as the architecture of many of the great cathedrals, abbeys and parish churches of europe. 	episode_done:True
text:alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- is an italian former football player .	labels:Alessandro -lrb- `` sandro `` -rrb- mazzola -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- is an italian former football player. 	episode_done:True
text:ender 's shadow -lrb- 1999 -rrb- is a science fiction novel by american author orson scott card .	labels:Ender's shadow -lrb- 1999 -rrb- is a science fiction novel by american author orson scott card. 	episode_done:True
text:she agreed , and light was restored to the earth .	labels:She agreed. Light was restored to the earth. 	episode_done:True
text:in the 1950s camus devoted his efforts to human rights .	labels:In the 1950s camus devoted his efforts to human rights. 	episode_done:True
text:in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .	labels:In other developments, both iceland. But scotland was able to check a. Invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement. 	episode_done:True
text:gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .	labels:Gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty. 	episode_done:True
text:the term most commonly refers to higher plants , but epiphytic bacteria , fungi -lrb- epiphytic fungi -rrb- , algae , lichens , mosses , and ferns exist as well .	labels:The term most commonly refers to higher plants, but epiphytic bacteria, fungi -lrb- epiphytic fungi -rrb-, algae, lichens, mosses. Ferns exist as well. 	episode_done:True
text:contact between visiting seamen and prisoners was barred .	labels:Contact between visiting seamen. Prisoners was barred. 	episode_done:True
text:there are currently over six hundred linux distributions .	labels:There are currently over six hundred linux distributions. 	episode_done:True
text:frederick hubbard " fred " gwynne -lrb- 10 july 1926 2 july 1993 -rrb- was an american actor .	labels:Frederick hubbard `` fred `` gwynne -lrb- 10 july 1926 2 july 1993 -rrb- was an american actor. 	episode_done:True
text:they are also scheduled to play roskilde , rock am ring , pinkpop , give it a name festival and download .	labels:They are also scheduled to play roskilde, rock am ring, pinkpop, give it a name festival and download. 	episode_done:True
text:the story began as a sequel to tolkien 's earlier , less complex children 's fantasy novel the hobbit -lrb- 1937 -rrb- , but eventually developed into a much larger work .	labels:The story began as a sequel to tolkien's earlier, less complex children's fantasy novel the hobbit -lrb- 1937 -rrb-. Eventually developed into a much larger work. 	episode_done:True
text:it was released on january 21 , 2003 and garnered dvdx awards for best animated feature , best director , best editing , and best musical score .	labels:It was released on january 21, 2003 and garnered dvdx awards for best animated feature, best director, best editing, and best musical score. 	episode_done:True
text:in some videos , the woman may demand that her " straight " husband or boyfriend perform sex acts with the other man as " punishment " for infidelity -lrb- see cuckold -rrb- .	labels:In some videos, the woman may demand that her `` straight `` husband or boyfriend perform sex acts with the other man as `` punishment `` for affair -lrb- see cuckold -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:it is a strategy of problem-solving relying on " appeals " rather than coercion .	labels:It is a strategy of problem-solving relying on `` appeals `` rather than force. 	episode_done:True
text:when no one showed any interest , cave took on the task by himself .	labels:When no one showed any interest, cave took on the task by himself. 	episode_done:True
text:in 2005 ewen joined the r & b group trinity stone which achieved limited success in the uk , ireland , and russia .	labels:In 2005 ewen joined the r & b group trinity stone which achieved limited success in the uk, ireland, and russia. 	episode_done:True
text:the following year , a newspaper solicited eleven design proposals -lrb- all but one of which was a nordic cross -rrb- and polled the people to determine the most popular .	labels:The following year, a newspaper solicited eleven design proposals -lrb- all but one of which was a nordic cross -rrb- and polled the people to determine the most popular. 	episode_done:True
text:when bonham carter was just five , her mother had a serious nervous breakdown , from which it took her three years to recover .	labels:When bonham carter was just five, her mother had a serious nervous breakdown, from which it took her three years to recover. 	episode_done:True
text:name in chinese , the region is known as " inner mongolia " , where the terms of " inner / outer " are derived from manchu dorgi / tulergi .	labels:Name in chinese, the region is known as `` inner mongolia `` He/She/It/They/There the terms of `` inner / outer `` are derived from manchu dorgi / tulergi. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1824 , van diemen 's land became a colony in its own right .	labels:In 1824, van diemen's land became a colony in its own right. 	episode_done:True
text:the account of ninigi no mikoto being sent to earth appears in the nihon shoki .	labels:The account of ninigi no mikoto being sent to earth appears in the nihon shoki. 	episode_done:True
text:it was also during his tenure in westminster that pope john paul ii made a groundbreaking visit to england .	labels:It was also during his tenure in westminster that pope john paul ii made a groundbreaking visit to england. 	episode_done:True
text:in christianity , an archbishop is an elevated bishop .	labels:In christianity, an archbishop is an overhead bishop. 	episode_done:True
text:the vezina trophy is awarded annually to the national hockey league 's goaltender who is " adjudged to be the best at this position " .	labels:The vezina cup is awarded annually to the national hockey league's goaltender who is `` adjudged to be the best at this position ``. 	episode_done:True
text:it was 1795 before the british navy adopted lemons or lime as standard issue at sea .	labels:It was 1795 before the british navy adopted lemons or lime as standard issue at sea. 	episode_done:True
text:many students choose a faculty committee whose members represent their own interdisciplinary interests .	labels:Many students choose a faculty committee whose members represent their own interdisciplinary interests. 	episode_done:True
text:fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy film .	labels:Fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy film. 	episode_done:True
text:the main protagonist , nausicaä , is a charismatic young princess of the peaceful valley of the wind .	labels:The main protagonist, nausicaä, is a charismatic young princess of the peaceful valley of the wind. 	episode_done:True
text:some notable series that trace their look and feel to wizardry include the bard 's tale and might and magic .	labels:Some notable series that trace their look and feel to wizardry include the bard's tale and might and magic. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1252 documents refer directly to vaihingen as a town , established by count gottfried von vaihingen .	labels:In 1252 documents refer directly to vaihingen as a town, established by count gottfried von vaihingen. 	episode_done:True
text:the word is derived from ' pahar ' meaning mountain .	labels:The word is derived from ' pahar ' meaning mountain. 	episode_done:True
text:kingda ka is a roller coaster located at six flags great adventure in jackson township , new jersey , usa .	labels:Kingda ka is a roller coaster located at six flags great adventure in jackson township, new jersey, usa. 	episode_done:True
text:education the cabarrus county school system services all of the county with the exception of parts of kannapolis , which operates its own school district .	labels:Education the cabarrus county school system services all of the county with the exception of parts of kannapolis. He/She/It/They/There operates its own school district. 	episode_done:True
text:the congress of vienna recognized it as a grand duchy and member of the german confederation .	labels:The congress of vienna recognized it as a grand duchy and member of the german alliance. 	episode_done:True
text:it grows out of the difficulties in assimilating the new culture , causing difficulty in knowing what is appropriate and what is not .	labels:It grows out of the difficulties in assimilating the new culture, causing difficulty in knowing what is appropriate and what is not. 	episode_done:True
text:at least 537 deaths were blamed on hanna , primarily in haiti .	labels:At least 537 deaths were blamed on hanna, primarily in haiti. 	episode_done:True
text:awake is a 2007 suspense thriller written and directed by joby harold .	labels:Awake is a 2007 excited thriller written and directed by joby harold. 	episode_done:True
text:this was named by the english , but the megalithic mound significantly predates them .	labels:This was named by the english, but the megalithic mound significantly predates them. 	episode_done:True
text:eraldo pecci -lrb- born 12 april 1955 -rrb- is an italian former footballer .	labels:Eraldo pecci -lrb- born 12 april 1955 -rrb- is an italian former footballer. 	episode_done:True
text:as the storm began to rapidly intensify , the warning was further modified to a hurricane warning .	labels:As the storm began to rapidly boost, the warning was further modified to a hurricane warning. 	episode_done:True
text:however , the mineralogy of the x-type asteroids is not known well enough to constrain this further .	labels:However, the mineralogy of the x-type asteroids is not known well enough to railroad this further. 	episode_done:True
text:conjunction is a term used in positional astronomy and astrology .	labels:Conjunction is a term used in positional astronomy and astrology. 	episode_done:True
text:the endpoints where a continental divide meets the coast are not always definite , because the exact border between adjacent bodies of water is usually not clearly defined .	labels:The endpoints where a continental divide meets the coast are not always definite, because the exact border between adjacent bodies of water is usually not clearly defined. 	episode_done:True
text:their sound can be described as celtic folk metal with melodic death metal influences .	labels:Their sound can be described as celtic folk metal with melodic death metal influences. 	episode_done:True
text:coupled with the aggressive expansion and expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods .	labels:Coupled with the aggressive expansion and expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods. 	episode_done:True
text:specific reliability issues may include : the system can not safely be shut down for repair , or it is too inaccessible to repair .	labels:Specific reliability issues may include: the system can not safely be shut down for repair. It is too inaccessible to repair. 	episode_done:True
text:borken is a kreis -lrb- district -rrb- in the northwestern part of north rhine-westphalia , germany in the region münsterland .	labels:Borken is a kreis -lrb- district -rrb- in the northwestern part of north rhine-westphalia, germany in the region münsterland. 	episode_done:True
text:retiring sickly and suffering several long illnesses , elizabeth died on september 23 , 1830 aged 62 , at her home , oak hill .	labels:Retiring sickly and suffering several long illnesses, elizabeth died on september 23, 1830 aged 62, at her home, oak hill. 	episode_done:True
text:she portrayed the character alexx woods , a medical examiner in the forensics-related drama csi : miami .	labels:She portrayed the character alexx woods, a medical examiner in the forensics-related drama csi: miami. 	episode_done:True
text:history vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d. , but the documents are not clear .	labels:History vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d., but the documents are not clear. 	episode_done:True
text:following the death of his father wossen seged , sahle selassie arrives at the capital qundi before his other brothers , and is made meridazmach of shewa .	labels:Following the death of his father wossen seged, sahle selassie arrives at the capital qundi before his other brothers, and is made meridazmach of shewa. 	episode_done:True
text:he was also commissioned in 1944 by yehudi menuhin to write a sonata for solo violin .	labels:He was also commissioned in 1944 by yehudi menuhin to write a sonata for solo violin. 	episode_done:True
text:the nameless dog makes a cameo appearance in the nes game barker bill 's trick shooting -lrb- another zapper game -rrb- and he can be shot .	labels:The nameless dog makes a cameo appearance in the nes game barker bill's trick shooting -lrb- another zapper game -rrb- and he can be shot. 	episode_done:True
text:between 1898 and 1901 he was a choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival .	labels:Between 1898 and 1901 he was a choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival. 	episode_done:True
text:before the outbreak 's end , andover , kansas , would record the year 's only f5 tornado -lrb- see andover , kansas tornado outbreak -rrb- .	labels:Before the wave's end, andover, kansas, would record the year's only f5 storm -lrb- see andover, kansas tornado outbreak -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:rated an f0 tornado , it touched down near brunswick , georgia were it snapped trees and caused moderate roof damage along its 2 mi -lrb- 3.2 km -rrb- path .	labels:Rated an f0 storm, it touched down near brunswick, georgia were it snapped trees and caused moderate roof damage along its 2 mi -lrb- 3.2 km -rrb- path. 	episode_done:True
text:moreover he also unsuccessfully contested the saarbrücken constituency .	labels:Moreover he also unsuccessfully contested the saarbrücken constituency. 	episode_done:True
text:in medieval england , the territories of lancashire and cornwall were made duchies , with certain powers accruing to their dukes .	labels:In medieval england, the territories of lancashire. Cornwall were made duchies, with certain powers accruing to their dukes. 	episode_done:True
text:the sixth , seventh , and eighth digits indicate the municipality or the number of the unincorporated area .	labels:The sixth, seventh, and eighth digits indicate the municipality or the number of the unincorporated area. 	episode_done:True
text:she later attended the fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts -lrb- the high school featured in the movie fame -rrb- before she entered the theater program at juilliard .	labels:She later attended the fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts -lrb- the high school featured in the movie fame -rrb- before she entered the theater program at juilliard. 	episode_done:True
text:administrative termination memberships may be terminated at the discretion of the ruling body of the church of satan consisting of the high priest , the high priestess and the council of nine .	labels:Administrative termination memberships may be terminated at the discretion of the ruling body of the church of satan consisting of the high priest, the high priestess and the council of nine. 	episode_done:True
text:packagekit is an open source and free suite of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems .	labels:Packagekit is an open source and free suite of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems. 	episode_done:True
text:they will float to the top platform level and then descend to harass and attack zub .	labels:They will float to the top platform level. Then drop to ride and attack zub. 	episode_done:True
text:they may be removed for several reasons , including impaired breathing through the nose and chronic infections or earaches .	labels:They may be removed for several reasons, including impaired breathing through the nose and chronic infections or earaches. 	episode_done:True
text:this disease is often mild and attacks often pass unnoticed .	labels:This disease is often mild and attacks often pass unnoticed. 	episode_done:True
text:some beverage products such as ales and stouts e.g. guinness rely on this effect to produce the ' head ' on the surface of the poured product .	labels:Some beverage products such as ales. Stouts e.g. Guinness rely on this effect to produce the ' head ' on the surface of the poured product. 	episode_done:True
text:daikokuten evolved from the indian deity , shiva .	labels:Daikokuten evolved from the indian avatar, shiva. 	episode_done:True
text:the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .	labels:The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection, and dissipated the next day over brazil. He/She/It/They/There it caused heavy rains and flooding. 	episode_done:True
text:sivry-rance is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .	labels:Sivry-Rance is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut. 	episode_done:True
text:in 1941 reichsführer-ss heinrich himmler , announced that additional units for the waffen-ss would be raised from non-german foreign nationals .	labels:In 1941 reichsführer-ss heinrich himmler, announced that additional units for the waffen-ss would be raised from non-german foreign nationals. 	episode_done:True
text:that same year , he starred opposite matt damon , ben affleck , and chris o ' donnell in school ties .	labels:That same year, he starred opposite matt damon, ben affleck, and chris o ' donnell in school ties. 	episode_done:True
text:a road number is often assigned to a stretch of public roadway .	labels:A road number is often assigned to a stretch of public roadway. 	episode_done:True
text:about 95 species are currently accepted .	labels:About 95 species are currently accepted. 	episode_done:True
text:despite these unfavorable conditions , a curved convective band developed in its northern and western quadrants , and the circulation became better defined .	labels:Despite these unfavorable conditions, a curved convective band developed in its northern and western quadrants, and the circulation became better defined. 	episode_done:True
text:they had however been reinforced by a detachment of 32 grenadiers from one of the swiss mercenary regiments summoned to paris by the king shortly before 14 july .	labels:They had however been reinforced by a detachment of 32 grenadiers from one of the swiss mercenary regiments summoned to paris by the king shortly before 14 july. 	episode_done:True
text:during this period he married , and farmed in lyndhurst , hampshire .	labels:During this period he married, and farmed in lyndhurst, hampshire. 	episode_done:True
text:earthsea is a fictional realm originally created by ursula k. le guin for her short story " the word of unbinding " , published in 1964 , that became more famous in her novel a wizard of earthsea , first published in 1968 .	labels:Earthsea is a fictional realm originally created by ursula k. le guin for her short story `` the word of unbinding ``, published in 1964 first published in 1968. He/She/It/They/There became more famous in her novel a wizard of earthsea. 	episode_done:True
text:it appears to have lived in wetlands , using two fork-like incisors to shovel up reeds and sedges for food .	labels:It appears to have lived in wetlands, using two fork-like incisors to shovel up reeds and sedges for food. 	episode_done:True
text:the county 's elevation decreases toward the east , with the lowest height in the siret river valley .	labels:The county's elevation decreases toward the east, with the lowest height in the siret river valley. 	episode_done:True
text:the name " gulf of california " predominates on most maps in english today .	labels:The name `` gulf of california `` predominates on most maps in english today. 	episode_done:True
text:seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .	labels:Seventy-Five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted. 	episode_done:True
text:elizabeth ann smart -lrb- born november 3 , 1987 -rrb- is an american woman who was abducted from her salt lake city , utah bedroom on june 5 , 2002 at the age of 14 .	labels:Elizabeth ann smart -lrb- born november 3, 1987 -rrb- is an american woman who was abducted from her salt lake city, utah bedroom on june 5, 2002 at the age of 14. 	episode_done:True
text:for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but producing these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .	labels:For example, a shop might give away its stock in its promotion, but producing these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources, so this would not be a free good in an economic sense. 	episode_done:True
text:however , there are exceptions to this rule , such as defense rather than defence .	labels:However, there are exceptions to this rule, such as defense rather than defence. 	episode_done:True
text:reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets -rrb- .	labels:Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:littlest pet shop is a toy franchise owned by hasbro .	labels:Littlest pet shop is a toy franchise owned by hasbro. 	episode_done:True
text:the most prominent among the latter were marcus junius brutus and gaius cassius longinus .	labels:The most prominent among the latter were marcus junius brutus and gaius cassius longinus. 	episode_done:True
text:mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .	labels:Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical. 	episode_done:True
text:2005 according to chapters , jesus of nazareth gave this sermon -lrb- estimated around ad 30 -rrb- on a mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd .	labels:2005 according to chapters, jesus of nazareth gave this sermon -lrb- estimated around ad 30 -rrb- on a mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd. 	episode_done:True
text:author , peter preuss , stated that the possum 's population faltered in 1997 with current habitat -lrb- limited to a 50-square-kilometre area -rrb- under threat from logging .	labels:Author, peter preuss, stated that the possum's population faltered in 1997 with current habitat -lrb- limited to a 50-square-kilometre area -rrb- under threat from logging. 	episode_done:True
text:across the province , precipitation peaked at 5.9 inches -lrb- 150 mm -rrb- at whitbourne .	labels:Across the province, precipitation peaked at 5.9 inches -lrb- 150 mm -rrb- at whitbourne. 	episode_done:True
text:furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .	labels:Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates. He/She/It/They/There indicate rather a stony surface composition. 	episode_done:True
text:oxnard is the largest city in ventura county , california in terms of population .	labels:Oxnard is the largest city in ventura county, california in terms of population. 	episode_done:True
text:the technique is credited to albert humphrey , who led a convention at stanford university in the 1960s and 1970s using data from fortune 500 companies .	labels:The technique is credited to albert humphrey. He/She/It/They/There led a convention at stanford university in the 1960s and 1970s using data from fortune 500 companies. 	episode_done:True
text:election the president of the bundesrat usually is elected on the 1 november in a given year , and serves until the 31 october in the year that follows .	labels:Election the president of the bundesrat usually is elected on the 1 november in a given year, and serves until the 31 october in the year that follows. 	episode_done:True
text:it is associated chiefly with the holiday halloween , and was named after the phenomenon of strange light flickering over peat bogs , called ignis fatuus or jack-o ' -lantern .	labels:It is associated chiefly with the holiday halloween, and was named after the phenomenon of strange light flickering over peat bogs, called ignis fatuus or jack-o ' -lantern. 	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts eisenberg , jena and stadtroda .	labels:History the district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts eisenberg, jena and stadtroda. 	episode_done:True
text:this victory brought him 2000 pesetas .	labels:This victory brought him 2000 pesetas. 	episode_done:True
text:the boosh soon produced three stage shows - the mighty boosh -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , arctic boosh -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and autoboosh -lrb- 2000 -rrb- - all of which were taken to the edinburgh fringe .	labels:The boosh soon produced three stage shows - the mighty boosh -lrb- 1998 -rrb-, arctic boosh -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and autoboosh -lrb- 2000 -rrb- - all of which were taken to the edinburgh fringe. 	episode_done:True
text:the official municipality key , formerly also known as the official municipality characteristic number or municipality code number , is a number sequence for the identification of politically independent municipalities or unincorporated areas .	labels:The official municipality key, formerly also known as the official municipality characteristic number or municipality code number, is a number sequence for the identification of politically independent municipalities or unincorporated areas. 	episode_done:True
text:frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .	labels:Frédéric chopin's work 57 is a berceuse for solo piano. 	episode_done:True
text:the former member of the swiss federal council josef escher was born in simplon .	labels:The former member of the swiss federal council josef escher was born in simplon. 	episode_done:True
text:luis suárez miramontes -lrb- born may 2 , 1935 -rrb- is a spanish former footballer and manager .	labels:Luis suárez miramontes -lrb- born may 2, 1935 -rrb- is a spanish former footballer and manager. 	episode_done:True
text:levon v lusignan of armenia is imprisoned for several years in cairo until a ransom is paid by king john i of castile .	labels:Levon v lusignan of armenia is imprisoned for several years in cairo until a payment is paid by king john i of castile. 	episode_done:True
text:in the top right field is the symbol of the lords of sonneberg , which includes sheep shears .	labels:In the top right field is the symbol of the lords of sonneberg. He/She/It/They/There includes sheep shears. 	episode_done:True
text:a.i. artificial intelligence one kubrick project was eventually completed by another director , steven spielberg .	labels:Artificial intelligence one kubrick project was eventually completed by another director, steven spielberg. 	episode_done:True
text:the same is true of apartheid-era south africa and of parts of europe at various time periods ; most notably under nazi germany 's third reich .	labels:The same is true of apartheid-era south africa and of parts of europe at various time periods; most especially under nazi germany's third reich. 	episode_done:True
text:greater hagerstown is the fastest growing metropolitan area in the state of maryland and among the fastest growing in the united states .	labels:Greater hagerstown is the fastest growing metropolitan area in the state of maryland and among the fastest growing in the united states. 	episode_done:True
text:also , it hybridizes with some other wattles , notably the rare and endangered sydney basin species acacia pubescens .	labels:Also, it hybridizes with some other wattles, especially the rare and endangered sydney basin species acacia pubescens. 	episode_done:True
text:calvinism gained some popularity in scandinavia , especially sweden , but was rejected in favor of lutheranism after the synod of uppsala in 1593 .	labels:Calvinism gained some popularity in scandinavia, especially sweden, but was rejected in favor of lutheranism after the synod of uppsala in 1593. 	episode_done:True
text:colin powell , a long time advocate , has recommended a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day .	labels:Colin powell, a long time advocate, has recommended a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day. 	episode_done:True
text:by 8.30 pm he had attracted the attention of the watchman for the maritime service board , james cargill .	labels:By 8.30 pm he had attracted the attention of the guard for the maritime service board, james cargill. 	episode_done:True
text:however , some lemurs do possess toilet-claws .	labels:However, some lemurs do possess toilet-claws. 	episode_done:True
text:the administrators of the northern territory and norfolk island are , by contrast , appointed by the governor-general .	labels:The administrators of the northern territory and norfolk island are, by contrast, appointed by the governor-general. 	episode_done:True
text:atlantic hurricane seasons pre-1600 1600s / 10s 1620s / 30s observation data for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was virtually non-existent in the pre-columbian era , and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost .	labels:Atlantic hurricane seasons pre-1600 1600s / 10s 1620s / 30s observation data for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was virtually non-existent in the pre-columbian era, and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost. 	episode_done:True
text:the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .	labels:The form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game. 	episode_done:True
text:a video game publisher is a company that publishes video games that they have either developed internally or have had developed by a video game developer .	labels:A video game publisher is a company that publishes video games that they have either developed internally or have had developed by a video game developer. 	episode_done:True
text:toller shalitoe montague cranston , cm -lrb- born april 20 , 1949 -rrb- is a canadian figure skater .	labels:Toller shalitoe montague cranston, cm -lrb- born april 20, 1949 -rrb- is a canadian figure skater. 	episode_done:True
text:in contrast to the hollywood portrait of schizophrenics , mentally ill people are essentially no more prone to violence than sane individuals .	labels:In contrast to the hollywood portrait of schizophrenics, mentally ill people are essentially no more prone to violence than sane individuals. 	episode_done:True
text:george bernard shaw -lrb- 26 july 1856 2 november 1950 -rrb- was an irish playwright .	labels:George bernard shaw -lrb- 26 july 1856 2 november 1950 -rrb- was an irish writer. 	episode_done:True
text:some indigenous groups living in palm-rich areas use palms to make many of their necessary items and food .	labels:Some indigenous groups living in palm-rich areas use palms to make many of their necessary items and food. 	episode_done:True
text:two tubes of amphetamines and a further empty tube were found in the rear pocket of his racing jersey .	labels:Two tubes of amphetamines and a further empty tube were found in the rear pocket of his racing jersey. 	episode_done:True
text:in 2006 , phil downing left the band , citing communication problems with other members .	labels:In 2006, phil downing left the band, citing communication problems with other members. 	episode_done:True
text:in 326 bce , most of the dozen-odd political units of the former gandhara / kamboja mahajanapadas were conquered by the macedonian conqueror .	labels:In 326 bce, most of the dozen-odd political units of the former gandhara / kamboja mahajanapadas were conquered by the macedonian victor. 	episode_done:True
text:the medal was first awarded in 1902 to j. j. thomson " for his numerous contributions to electric science , especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases " , and has since been awarded 105 times .	labels:The medal was first awarded in 1902 to j. j. thomson `` for his numerous contributions to electric science, especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases ``, and has since been awarded 105 times. 	episode_done:True
text:a game played in a browser is often called a browser-based game -lrb- bbg -rrb- .	labels:A game played in a browser is often called a browser-based game -lrb- bbg -rrb-. 	episode_done:True
text:moundou is situated on one of the main roads in southern chad .	labels:Moundou is situated on one of the main roads in southern chad. 	episode_done:True
text:career he studied with the english-born composer henry hugo pierson in stuttgart , and with william sterndale bennett and the pianist edward dannreuther in london .	labels:Career he studied with the english-born composer henry hugo pierson in stuttgart, and with william sterndale bennett and the pianist edward dannreuther in london. 	episode_done:True
text:the first parallax measurement of the distance to alpha centauri is published by thomas henderson .	labels:The first parallax measurement of the distance to alpha centauri is published by thomas henderson. 	episode_done:True
text:the city is what later evolved to be the center of the byzantine empire -lrb- the greek-speaking roman empire of late antiquity and the middle ages -rrb- under the name of constantinople .	labels:The city is what later evolved to be the center of the byzantine empire -lrb- the greek-speaking roman empire of late antiquity and the middle ages -rrb- under the name of constantinople. 	episode_done:True
text:iran 's diagonal distance from azerbaijan in the northwest to sistan and baluchestan province in the southeast is approximately .	labels:Iran's diagonal distance from azerbaijan in the northwest to sistan and baluchestan province in the southeast is approximately. 	episode_done:True
text:the northern french half comprises the collectivité de saint-martin -lrb- collectivity of st. martin -rrb- and is an overseas collectivity of france .	labels:The northern french half comprises the collectivité de saint-martin -lrb- collectivity of st. martin -rrb- and is an overseas collectivity of france. 	episode_done:True
text:he also serves as music director of the mozart orchestra of bologna , italy .	labels:He also serves as music director of the mozart orchestra of bologna, italy. 	episode_done:True
text:history arch mineral corporation was founded in 1969 as a partnership between ashland oil -lrb- now ashland , inc . -rrb- and the hunt family of dallas , texas .	labels:History arch mineral corporation was founded in 1969 as a partnership between ashland oil -lrb- now ashland, inc. -Rrb- and the hunt family of dallas, texas. 	episode_done:True
text:bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .	labels:Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones. 	episode_done:True
text:these optional movements were known as galanteries : common examples are the minuet , gavotte , passepied , and bourree .	labels:These optional movements were known as galanteries: common examples are the minuet, gavotte, passepied, and bourree. 	episode_done:True
text:geography libourne is located at the confluence of the isle and dordogne rivers .	labels:Geography libourne is located at the joining of the isle and dordogne rivers. 	episode_done:True
text:under president and ceo reynolds , the park operated until april 13 , 2003 , when it closed after a prolonged tourism decline following the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .	labels:Under president and ceo reynolds, the park operated until april 13, 2003 2001 terrorist attacks. He/She/It/They/There it closed after a prolonged tourism decline following the september 11 	episode_done:True
text:this volcano is well known for its ash explosions and pyroclastic flows .	labels:This volcano is well known for its ash explosions and pyroclastic flows. 	episode_done:True
text:it was developed from farming land during the 1990s and early 21st century , and sits between the historic villages of mangotsfield and downend .	labels:It was developed from farming land during the 1990s and early 21st century, and sits between the historic villages of mangotsfield and downend. 	episode_done:True
